hello Lex you might be wondering why
what I'm wearing on my face I'm not
wondering
no no it's coronavirus time everybody
out there is wearing a mask so I'm
assuming that's what you're wearing on
your face yeah so this is a homemade
mess takes 30 seconds to make 30 seconds
did you time yourself I don't know yeah
Brock can you like cut a cup and like
strap tied on that would work but
there's no yes probably but it probably
there as far as I'm aware there's no
scientific study of how effective bras
are at filtering how effective is that
thing so there it's I'm glad you asked
you this is some part of this and I'll
take this off in a few minutes I just
want to 1 I want to talk about some of
the science into I want to remove some
of the stigma that's around us so I'm
part of this group of scientists that
have put together a survey paper showing
that masks work and it started as a
movement called masks fall hashtag in
the Czech Republic that essentially one
of the critical components of stopping
the spread of coroner viruses everybody
has to wear masks and the science is
twofold so I mean I need to break this
apart but you're gonna take the mask off
eventually right yeah so let's just take
notice I can hear you cuz there's an
audio it's you can hear that's so much
better
oh yeah nice so like taking a condom off
that before and after so you probably
shouldn't be wearing a mask when you're
doing podcasts definitely not but
everywhere else
yes so when you're going out to the
grocery store each wear a mask
everywhere and that's okay so some some
questions do homemade masks work so
there's a currently a shortage of n95
respirator masks which should be
exclusively used s PPE personal
protective equipment by health care
workers okay there's also a shortage of
surgical masks which are these non
Vohland fabric masks that work very well
for the thing I'm talking about
because there's a shortage of them we
should not be buying them it should be
saving them for health care workers and
then the open question was whether
homemade masks like the one I just
described work to stop as a filtration
mechanism this is the confusing thing
for the individual centric society that
we live in masks are the most what are
they actually effective for what they're
effective for is to prevent me if I'm
infected asymptomatic from spreading the
infection to you so that's where the
movement of masks for all started which
is your mask protects me my mask
protects you and the idea there is is
not I'm not protecting I'm not creating
a wall from the rest of society I am
contributing to the sort of the bigger
aggregate picture of it by not allowing
the infection to spread so the masks is
masks allow you to reduce that
transmission rate to one to below one so
allowing you to decrease the
transmission rate while also long people
to be in public so how much of how much
we've been studying this disease and the
the potential remedies and all the
different things around it a lot a lot
yeah what do you what is your thoughts
on hydroxychloroquine and zinc and zi
packs this is something that's been
thought of as a potential remedy yeah as
a potential remedy so on that side I
haven't studied the actual so there's
not nothing clearly published yet the
biggest problem so yeah when I say I
know a lot what I and others have been
doing is reading a lot of papers they're
coming out in the hundreds every single
day so people doing really strong
studies across the board this is pretty
unprecedented right we're something a
new disease comes out and everyone's
scrambling to try to figure out what if
anything can help it yeah there's a lot
of aspects here that are precedented the
scientific community has stepped up in a
way that I've never seen I couldn't
imagine it was possible to do like
everybody
stop what they're doing and from
whatever walks of life so artificial
intelligence community is really working
on a lot of aspects of this which I can
talk about every it the virologists
bioinformatics folks so everybody is
working on this looking at different
angles and obviously people who are
developing vaccines and any viral drugs
are working on this
the thing is when to your question we're
all waiting for actual studies so you
can't really answer it
you can't say something is promising or
not so what's happening now is there's
incredible candidates for vaccines for
any vile dogs but in order to say
anything at all there has to be at least
a little sign a little signal that there
is that this is something that can work
mm-hmm for this particular so one of the
things is if you look at the biology of
it just the protein structure of a
Kournikova 19 virus there's a lot of
elements to it they're different from
even its other family member of SARS
within the corona virus family so it's a
totally open question whether things
that form asks what kind of things work
for coronavirus versus SARS versus
influenza or says Rhino virus which is
behind the common flu and then what what
works on the corona virus so that's true
for masks that's true for drugs that's
that's true for epidemiological study
models and so on so there's a lot of
uncertainty here and you have to
actually do the test on the mask side
I'm really paying attention there's a
guy named Jeremy Howard who brought a
lot of us together from all kind of
expertise and we're putting together
this giant paper showing that masks are
effective and the same thing is
happening in in other domains with masks
the powerful thing about masks is it
something we can do that us individuals
right now a lot of our us individuals
are stuck trapped in our homes unable to
do anything
your only tasks is to remain to practice
physical distancing social distancing to
maintain a health immune system to
maintaining health immune system seems
to me to be the most important thing
because there's so many people that are
asymptomatic we don't know why whether
its genetic we don't know what what is
causing some people to have virtually no
symptoms whatsoever but I would think
that maintaining a healthy immune system
eating healthy foods in particular
supplementing with vitamins but for me
particularly I've ramped up my vitamin C
in a big way vitamin D 4,000 IU's a day
exercise exercise these on if you have
access to a sauna and I know most people
don't but if you don't have access to a
sauna and you do have a bathtub take
yourself a hot bath you know which what
you're looking for is heat shock
proteins one of the things that happens
when you have a flu or when you have a
fever right your body is your body when
it's when you when your body has a fever
one of the things that's trying to do
it's trying to kill that virus it's
trying to overheat it and that that
production of those heat shock proteins
is very important there was a study
written on flus and viruses and regular
sauna use and it showed a significant
decrease in infection with regular sauna
use so it might not help you if you have
it now but it will help you to keep a
strong and healthy immune system heat
and cold those two things shocking
yourself with cold baths and shocking
yourself with hot baths if you don't
have access to a sauna if you do have
access to a sauna I would recommend ice
ice baths and and in sauna it's just
it's very very important for your immune
system it's so it's a way that you can
only you're giving yourself a drug that
your body makes really yeah I read a
couple studies actually on the use of I
don't know about sauna but heat instead
of hot water then switching to cold mhm
for increasing the cytokines know what
the efficacy of natural killer
I think they'll call on Kate and natural
killer immune cells hmm that that are
essential for when so there's this
moment when you get the disease and you
progress a coronavirus you progress from
just being having mild symptoms
to having to go to the hospital to
having to then go into a critical
condition so that transition the natural
killer cells are essential for that and
the variation from heat to cold and
water helps so how strange is that
that's one of the strangest aspects of
this disease that people seem to have
mild symptoms and then almost overnight
it turns on them yeah it's and it's so
strange and it depends on the you know
and we don't understand for some people
that doesn't happen for some people it
does yeah that mean it's gonna be a long
time before they sort this out and the
real problem with that is in the
meantime all these fucking nut jobs that
want to blame this on 5g or you know or
whatever fill in the blank with whatever
crazy conspiracy theory people have one
that is interesting is that Wuhan
apparently had some sort of bio weapons
lab there that's interesting to me
because if that's the case it's not
outside of the realm of possibility that
something could be accidentally released
or purposefully released like if they do
have a weapons lab there I mean would it
be why do they make weapons labs if they
if you why is anyone making bio weapons
you're making bio weapons too
the idea is you're making a disease you
can inflict on the enemy right well if
you have a disease that can be inflicted
on the enemy that's just human beings if
that stuff gets out it would be the the
biggest shock of all time if it turns
out that this was actually a man-made
disease that was leaked from a lab I'm
not saying it was again I'm a moron I'm
not the guy to come to when it comes to
bio weapons or viruses or any of these
things but I'm just speculating as a
human being that if there is a bio
weapons lab in Wuhan Google that was it
ii know i mean i've heard that a few
times to this well when I googled bio
weapon lab and one French I was talking
about history that comes up it says
experts no it is not a bio weapon no
corona virus is not bioengineered how
did the outbreak start it did not come
from that how they know right that so
first of all bioengineering let's break
that apart fascinating topic I mean what
one of the things that coronavirus is
making us realize is holy crap there's
things out there that can kill us yes on
a scale that we've never before imagined
and nothing like that hopefully will be
happening here but this is the dress
rehearsal right right if it was
something like something that has like
Spanish flu or that kind of potential
for death
yeah influence of Spanish flu influenza
I don't think we've seen the worst of
the flu is it yet no I don't think so
either
that was the scariest thing about
talking to the guys at the CDC when
Duncan Trussell an idea show down there
they were saying we're not worried about
some man-made stuff we're worried about
natural stuff and that natural viruses
that mutate and jump from animals to
humans like they believe this kovat 19
is they don't like that's the scariest
thing and you can't stop it and it
happens all the time
yeah if viruses weren't so terrifying
they would always be beautiful the the
so so what is a virus it's uh some
genetic code RNA DNA wrapped in some
protein so it's a it's a piece of
computer code that goes into a human
body or any kind of living organism and
has them run that code in order to print
stuff and it's able to mutate so there's
there's millions of viruses out there
most of them infecting living organisms
that are not human and they're able to
spread in these insane ways and in fact
infecting billions of organisms I mean
that is a what in terms of weapon in
terms of a natural pandemic is
terrifying yeah because they can you
know a lot of people are worried about
what's happening now with the corona
virus the deadliest part of the Spanish
flu was the second wave well no it was
this was the second wave connected to
the First World War to the First World
War is there was a mutation which made
it a lot deadlier so a single mutation
that then begins to propagate through
the
for society can can completely change
the way we experience this virus it was
particularly deadly because it was
really devastating to young healthy
people with strong immune systems it was
devastating to everybody which is
surprising usually it's a compromised
immune systems was nice as devastating
to well this one's weird in that it's so
rare that it affects children it's very
strange that this virus has a small
impact on children
you know but goddamnit there was a story
that I saw a video about this article
that was written that was talking about
a one day old baby that died from corona
virus but when you go when you go into
the actual story itself the doctor who
is furious about this was reading his
paper was saying that the article rather
he was saying the baby was twenty two
weeks premature so like that's probably
what killed the baby and that is so
premature and he was like the idea that
someone is using clickbait and and
fear-mongering at that scale during this
crazy time when people are starving for
information and terrified and running
around trying to find around especially
people with newborns to read that um I
gotta kill the newborn and then you go
and realize what no it's a complication
and we don't you meet the baby tested
positive for corona virus but it's also
22 weeks early I mean if that's the
first baby that's dying from this like
we're very very fortunate that it
doesn't attack young people it doesn't
attack babies yeah and that's the source
of terror for people so I've interacted
with folks with families mm-hmm I mean
that seems to be one of the biggest
things that people are afraid of
weather's bad for the flu well what's
bad for the children
yes they're it's devastating for
children yeah and and and to think so
both sides of it
one children getting sick and two
parents getting sick and thereby not
being able to take care of their
children yeah it's good point yeah so
the that's and that that can spread
that's we're so sensitive now in terms
of just on the verge of of giving in to
the fear out of mass scale and that's
where information and sort of inspiring
words
the silly old word love is important
like community and compassion so on to
sort of fight that fear the silly old
word love silly old word is a silly old
word you're so Russian old it's silly
Russian John wick says silly old world
love yeah so there you go that's
clickbait title the Joe Rogan experience
no I just mean that there is a danger
here of people beginning to panic when
when the economic impact hits so there's
a 13 percent unemployment I believe in
the United States so the the Great
Depression was 23% so we have something
like that which we're starting to creep
towards that number so that's 16 million
people out of a job currently I don't
think we have any idea when the
economics right now we're we're in limbo
we really are in limbo because how many
businesses are going to close because
this how many people don't know they're
unemployed but are how many businesses
are barely hanging on and they might not
make it to the end of the year and if
the economy takes a downturn because of
all these people out of Joe many
businesses that we're barely hanging on
before and they're still open now we're
gonna be gone a couple of weeks and we
really don't know and it's so I mean how
long do you think it's gonna take before
businesses are up and running again
I know Wuhan is back up in business
again but there's a lot of criticism
about that and they're they're also
saying they're seeing new cases I think
the question I think it can be sooner
than we think if we do the following
things so one I'd hate to linger on this
I'd love to talk to you you talk about
masters yeah well it's funny but you're
yeah I know for a fact you're gonna make
fun of me just like I'll make fun of you
right back for loving fanny packs
but just like fanny packs are
exceptionally functional to carry on the
things you need masks will be masks are
required
yes low the spread of this infection
listen I'm not an anti mask person and
would like one of the things that to do
is you have to start getting governors
so politicians to wear them
our President Trump to wear them well
this is the Boris Johnson question right
because that guy not only was he not
wearing mass with you shaking hands and
he was talking about it pretty openly
and now he's in intensive care if he
dies that will be the biggest wake-up
call for everyone yeah I mean I hope he
doesn't die but goddamn people are so
mean over there I don't know his
policies I don't know I don't I haven't
been in England in a long time I don't
know how they feel about him but fuck
people some people hate him
does she like saying things like they
would they're hoping he dies they hope
he suffers and dies I've read Twitter
Andrew Doyle angel Boyle rather the guy
who wrote woke Tatiana McGrath yeah his
he but it was actually his own personal
account he published some of the tweets
that people have written about we don't
have to put it up there I don't want to
up these people signal but it's just so
heartless so yeah that's masks but
testing really one is yeah but there's
three things masks besides like washing
hands and social distancing all that
stuff
masks testing and contact tracing so
contact tracing contests so this is
great let's talk about this first of all
I'm gonna keep would we get it masks
well you don't get it we don't get it
have you ever even wearing masks you
know how weird it is like societally for
us it's a weird stuff to take I don't
know what it's like an open question
what does it take to do that yeah you
know it's weird it's really weird so you
can't see the emotional expression of
the people you can't it like that
there's a strange effect to it and then
the other effect is as a as an
individualistic society you're wearing
the mask not to protect yourself but but
to protect others and that's a weird
thing for us to do we don't I don't
think people are thinking that I think
they think they're protecting themselves
well you can sort of delude them or you
can tell them the truth that no the that
this I mean there's a nice positive
aspect to this is me wearing a mask says
I care about not getting you sick yeah
it's a really powerful social signal for
when you're hanging hanging out
with people I think there's so much
ignorance going on though I don't think
people weren't there's a large
percentage of people is my assumption
that are wearing that mass that are not
wearing it because they think they're
going to protect other people they're
worried about getting it yeah and right
I don't think I mean this is what the
whu-oh and the CDC this is where I I
hate what they're doing with which is
sort of there's truth and that there is
ideas of how the truth will be
misinterpreted by the public and so you
shouldn't tell people the truth so
there's a kind of sense like the whh oh
and CDC have said that masks don't work
for example or they said that we
shouldn't be wearing masks but you see
them for the health care workers well we
have to be honest about what the
timeline the WHL what they've said
they're wrong about so much of it they
were initially saying that you couldn't
transfer it from person to person I mean
this was just in the beginning of the
year I mean Dan Crenshaw I went over the
timeline of all the things that were
wrong about what the World Health
Organization said on the podcast
yesterday it's terrifying stuff and you
know and obviously newspapers were going
off of that information and they were
printing misleading stuff as well and
the president didn't know no one know
that the whole thing is very weird if
you're if you're going based on what
they were saying it didn't look like it
was gonna be nearly as bad as it is and
then everyone has had to make
adjustments I'm actually the one I like
I'm I'm so I'm I'm so freaked out about
the loss of life and the loss of jobs
and how people are getting SIDS it's
it's really weird that everything about
it is weird it's weird in our lifetime
to be a part of something that's just
affecting the entire world like this but
I've gotten a lot of messages from
friends that are cored and teamed with
their families and like we've never been
closer and that we realized that we're
in this together because we realized
that you know during these crazy times
you you realize what is important love
that silly little word you were talking
about love and community and friendship
like my neighbors everyone's so nice
everyone's waving now and everyone's
like saying hi and you know talking from
over the side of the yard and how's
everything you guys alright need
anything we're right here there's a lot
of this like comfort and warmth that you
know
think experienced a little bit of that
post 9/11 where people get shocked they
get shook up and then they realize what
matters you know yeah that's one of the
things I don't like about masks is uh it
feels like you're protecting yourself
from like you're removing yourself yes
see there's that look and what get away
from me dirty beeping yeah get away from
me so the germaphobe kind of idea that's
not what they are supposed to represent
but that I'm sitting here on the science
that says we have to all wear them and
then thinking like how is that going to
change interactions it's it I don't know
what to do with that you're an MMA fan
yeah what do you think about the UFC's
decision to have fights next weekend on
an island I don't know what we don't
know where it is
I'm trying to figure out what I'm doing
if I'm going to it or not I don't know
we're dating yeah I don't know where it
is I don't even know if it's in America
but I literally right now as of right
now I don't know shit I have no
information okay so first off it's in on
the island like I saw like it's it's
fight island it's literally a storyline
of enter the I mean this yes Enter the
Dragon
this is like I don't know who the Bruce
Lee is or the Chuck Norris should I get
a Chinese kung fu outfit and do
commentary with a kung fu Alvin are 100%
be culturally appropriating at this no
you know what I'll do I went on there
Bruce Lee tracksuits
that wouldn't be culturally
appropriating well they'd just be fandom
and in time of coronavirus you get a
cultural appropriation pass okay I heard
yeah I I to me I think that's great
because if it's messaged correctly to
show that we are while maintaining sort
of social distancing all those kinds of
things we're trying to fight to bring
our society back a little pause right
there there's no social distancing in a
fucking cage fight yeah okay they're on
top of each other sweating each other's
mouths there's not gonna be there's
gonna be if Tony Ferguson's fighting
there's gonna be blood for sure
everybody fights tourney first it looks
like they fell off a train so there's
gonna be blood the cisco distancing you
want to avoid is large crowds right one
on one one on one
so do wood if everybody gets tested yeah
that's accessible how accessible are
tests right now so in America 0.7
percent of the population have been
tested that in terms of testing
everybody that's not accessible but in
terms of testing special like events
special events yet so that's possible
what do you think they would do if like
there's a lot of good fights in this car
by the way
jazzy no roses strike his fight and
friend is frightening Connor yeah I mean
come on
gah no and Rosen strike that is that is
a fucking crazy fight what if one of
those guys test positive what if you
know would have just engag taste test
positive the guys supposed to be
fighting first and do you go ahead or
not they could obviously have to ask the
opponent if they want to yeah I I'm a
little bit Russian I I would I would go
ahead I'll go ahead and I don't know so
my main concern is how was the general
public interpret it because you want to
do everything you do now
should be done in a way that is one is
positive like inspires us for towards
the community and to gets us to do the
right thing scientifically I don't know
if AK Ovid infected person fighting
would inspire others to say oh well it's
okay if they're doing it it's okay from
well I don't think they would allow it I
have a feeling that if someone did test
positive they would kick him off the
card yeah probably should say kick them
off the card I should say remove them
from the card I take it back that's
probably their I think they do I would
imagine it has to be the right thing to
do and then you would also have to
quarantine the people that worked with
him in training camp and you enough to
test everybody
yeah that's by the way what contact
tracing is yeah once you find somebody
honest and there's a technology for I
mean that that's the really interesting
infrastructure there but I still I love
the idea that they're pushing forward
and doing the fights there's a lot of
people that are very upset with it it's
um it's very it's very controversial the
whole thing's contra why do you think
this
because they don't want anybody to do
anything out of the norm of social
distancing and of quarantine and you
know what we're on lockdown right now
and for them look even Nevada which
relies almost entirely on casino money I
mean not Vegas at least Vegas relies
almost entirely on casino money right
all the other businesses are so
supported by the casinos those casinos
are all shut the fuck down
cannot have the fights in Vegas but
those are large crowds and physical
spaces I think now I understand that
we're going to be this is gonna be a
long this is not gonna be a month this
is not gonna be two months how many
months you think this is gonna be I I
think before we're back to normal
I think it will be a year and in terms
of when it's going to reopen the economy
I think it's summer some possibly late
summer unless there's some sort of an
effective remedy oh yeah we know for
sure definitely definite antiviral drugs
or vaccine mm-hmm well vaccine is gonna
take a long time there is some really
impressive work on vaccines they're
accelerating the crap of I yeah it's
supposed to take 10-15 years for vaccine
and then they're saying 18 months
obviously but that's still a long time
that's the really long time but they're
I mean they're they do some impressive
fast testing of vaccines obviously
mass-scale vaccines it's something going
to be exceptionally careful I wonder
what they're gonna do with the u.s.
election mailing oh no no I have an idea
we'll just postpone it until uh I'm just
kidding postponed it's not a bad idea no
it's it's a terrible idea
oh one thing I do have to say cuz I
can't believe this is still going on
because there's a big dust-up recently
because I said that I wouldn't vote for
Biden that I'd vote for Trump before I
voted for Biden I just want people to
know first of all folks I'm barely
paying attention okay if you're getting
your political advice from me I'm a
moron okay I am a comedian slash
Cagefighting commentator you know how
you have friends that don't know much
about fighting and they'll say something
like I think Bruce Lee could kick John
Jones ass yeah that's me with politics
okay don't listen to me for political
advice you want to listen to people what
for political advice listen to people
that are actually paying attention
listen to guys who that's their living
guys like Kyle kolinsky listen to Jimmy
door he does a fantastic job breaking
down politics he understands it right
listen to the people that wrote the hill
watch that show it's fantastic it's on
YouTube there's a lot of people David
Pakman he understands politics I'm not
that guy okay but what I am saying is I
don't want to vote for someone that has
a mental problem he's got dementia
that's all I'm saying
my parents called me my mom's like I
heard you're a trump supporter now I'm
like I would never vote for a person who
obviously has dementia I said I would
vote for Trump before I'd vote for a
Biden that's what that means you know
and there's been fucking dozens of
articles written about this I'm like
Jesus Christ tweeted he tweeted that
like he tweeted a clip of you saying the
air Trump supporter no we didn't yeah
when did this happen
like shortly after get the fuck out of
here pretty sure I reach retweet or
tweeted I'm not sure that's hilarious
yeah I'm one of those fake E Donald
Trump accounts no I'm pretty sure maybe
was Trump jr. I am Donald Jr I have a
programmatic way of following Twitter
and I follow Trump okay either way I
just want everybody know this is all I'm
saying is I think the Democrats are
making a horrible mistake by putting in
a he just had another huge stumble
yesterday the man is ill I wish him no
no ill will
I'm not I'm not a Biden hater what do
you think I just think it's wrong to
take a guy that you clearly can tell is
struggling he's an older guy who's got
some sort of a mental breakdown issue
he's he's got what appears to be
according to some experts who have
analyzed what he's doing it's some form
of dementia he has a problem maintaining
conversations that's all the time yeah
that's all I'm saying folks just and
also do you I'm a
fucking comedians / Cagefighting
commentator you don't need to come to me
for that what is this Donald J Trump
retweeted beautiful hair of Eric
Weinstein this is what again this is
what I said this is what I said you
shouldn't have that guy I would vote for
any of the other ones any of them bring
them back Amy Klobuchar bring her back I
vote for her before I'd vote for her
Biden great I bought for Buddha jej ID
for sure vote for Tulsi
I love Tulsi Gabbard I would for sure
vote for Bernie that's all I'm saying
folks is you shouldn't have someone
who's clearly got something really wrong
and just prop them up and weekend at
Bernie's style and fucking bring them up
to the podium it's crazy
bring back Andrew yang fuck you actually
know I love Andrea trying to figure out
if it's possible to bring back people at
this stage so much has changed and kovat
changed everything yes you should be
able to run justice back well what I
should be able to do is someone should I
don't know I think they're just hoping
and praying that Biden can hang in there
long enough and people's hatred for
Trump will get it to the to the finish
line and that they could they could win
and they can keep him from having these
conversations where he stumbles a lot
but it's not fair to him as a human
being it's not it's not fair to us that
this is their only choice they're giving
us I mean there's so many people that
were involved in those debates Kamala
Harris bring her back bring them all
back bring any of them back they they're
they would be way better a spokesperson
for the Democratic Party this is just a
terrible idea that's all that's all I'm
saying
that's all I did say but it's like I
just can't believe that someone like me
has any impact at all in people's
political choices it doesn't make any
sense
don't do that why rely on people that
are paying attention rely on people
where it's that's their job let me hear
the new one let's hear the new one no no
it's what we cannot let this we've never
allowed any crisis from the civil war
straight through to that pandemic is 17
all the way
sixteen we have never never let our
democracy sakes second fiddle way that
we can both have a democracy and the
elections and at the same time correct
the public health the case week well
that's not too bad it's just kind of
stumbling for his words there's been
some real bad ones but you know you got
to think he's probably medicated
they're probably juicing them up to get
them to that state of health anyway look
these people are not stupid these people
that are involved in running his
campaign they're probably giving them IV
vitamin drips and doing everything they
can to try to get him as healthy as
possible to bring him to that state it's
just not good it's not fair it's not
fair for us it's not fair for him so to
try to play cuz I kind of agree with you
it's so I cringe every time it's sad but
I was uh I think was it 2016 when
Hillary Clinton ran I was I liked Biden
until I hear him talk there's something
there that he's just not good at it he'd
you would keep seeing things like this
that just a little bit off and to me the
question is so I am obviously I'm
awkward at speaking and you also speak
Russian no I think that there's a brain
thing there like I well you might be too
smart for us it was yet a regular
conversation it's a very nice way of
putting it but that and he used to
stutter so one do we need our
presidential candidates to be eloquent
is it to me and an open question that's
a good point because he might just be
like I would vote for Biden if he just
never talked so back in the you know
especially in 2016 and so on just every
time because he's like he's kind of like
a blue colleague he has a story with
this with a son a vet dying I mean
there's so much depth of to him as a
human being to his story he obvious is
you've mentioned he's done quite a few
shady things like lying and and
plagiarizing speeches and back in 88
when he was running for president
yeah I mean but in terms of his like
long track record of just being as part
of the system whatever the whatever you
think about the system he just knows
like at a time like this we need
government to work well no matter who
you are yeah the government needs to
work well now so you have to ask
yourself who is the person who will make
government work Wow
right hey I don't know if it's him you
know I don't know I don't know who it is
I don't think it's a good idea to have
one person have the kind of power that a
president has I mean just imagine you're
Donald Trump right you're not just
responsible for dealing with
international relations with North Korea
you're also responsible for the
environment you're also responsible for
this kovat 19 outbreak you're also
responsible with me you can keep going
it's crazy to think that one person
should have responsibility for all the
things that happen to the United States
of America it's nuts yeah it's totally
crazy but I think they don't have to be
responsible so and to me the best for
president is to inspire the entire
population just to be a sort of talking
head that inspires the world and the
United States and to hires the best
people to take care of each of those
things you know so attract so inspired
the best in the world to come more for
him whether that's military whether
that's the environments on the science
side and that's how you to me that's how
you should elect the presidents who
inspires the best people in the world I
think you're right yeah I just think
that it's it's an impossible task for an
individual I don't know I don't think I
think we should rethink it but good luck
with that I mean the crazy thing about
the United States is really I mean I had
a bit about it that the United States
was founded in 1776 people lived to be a
hundred that's three people ago three
people yeah I'm like this is how
recently this is and this is a bit about
President Trump about him being elected
about how crazy and the bit was about we
went from Obama I went from this really
intelligent very articulate person and
it's like we were involved in a
relationship with a really and now we're
dating a whore the
yeah it was this is crazy bit that I had
about it's like we're on the rebound and
we're just in a nutty relationship now
but I just I don't think anybody should
be president I just I don't think it's a
good position for human beings I think
it was a great idea when we're tribes
when we're a tribe of a few hundred
people or a mayor of you know a town
that's great yeah mayor's make sense it
makes sense that one person it's a very
stressful job very difficult but it
seems tenable it seems like a mayor can
be you know a mayor can really control
City and do a good job I just think when
you get to the scale of the United
States of America it just seems nuts
it just seems nuts to have one person
run the whole show and and then also
clearly not because you know you have
this gigantic organization behind it
that requires all the money from the
donors and special interest groups and
lobbyists and all these moving pieces
are involved to make sure that the
people that get in place are gonna suit
your interests and and and fulfill your
needs and oh and it's all going on right
now while the fucking pandemic virus is
sweeping the entire globe it's really
weird it's a really weird time and yeah
and I mean I wish we could just rerun
the whole thing because some of the
ideas like Andrew Yang's ideas of
universal basic income yes that's
obviously he's right you know look at
what he said about automation now
applies to this virus virus people that
need money yeah and this is this is
where it's really weird and I wish I'd
brought this up with Dan Crenshaw
yesterday but um a lot of Republicans
want smaller government right they want
less government but this is a time where
big government is necessary were you
dealing with something like a pandemic
virus we're dealing with the situation
where you have to look out for the
welfare of all these people you have to
restate the economy the government has
to pour money into it this is a time
where big government is necessary and
this is a great argument for balance
right this is a great argument for for
big government well the goal I think for
both Republicans and Democrats is
effective government yeah then
Republicans would say that big big
government is actually you're increasing
the bureaucracy not the effectiveness
so this is the question now we're
testing how do you how do you get at a
large scale we're at 0.7% we need to
test half the population yeah I don't
know obviously I don't know but I would
imagine if tests exists right we have a
test so what we need to do is figure out
a way to ramp that up and I'm sure
that's being done right now we're just
not aware of it I'm sure that they're
trying to figure out a way to get it to
everybody I mean some of that is just
mass production of testing kits so the
main tests they're usually nas and
molecular based tests there's other
ideas like in the artificial
intelligence side there's ideas of how
to use CT scan chest scans and try to
detect the early onset of kovat versus
just regular pneumonia because there's a
lot of sort of neighboring conditions
here - yeah yeah that's the thing I was
gonna say that
some enormous percentage like 85 percent
of people that come in that are sick are
not infected with this because this is
flu season and the flu so far has killed
an extraordinary number of people which
is really weird like while this is going
on and this is not to diminish the
deaths of the people that have died from
kovat because it's all horrible
right anyone that loses a loved one I
you know my heart reaches my egg for all
of you I feel for terrible for anybody
who loses someone that they care for
whether it's an old person or a young
person to a disease it's horrible but
why is it that we're so terrified of
kovat clearly because it's new but when
the flu is killing more people right now
than Cove it is and we're not worried
about that at all I mean we should
clearly be worried about both things and
this is against a great advertisement
for strengthening your immune system
this is a great wake-up call for a lot
of people that are unhealthy that are
eating unhealthy living unhealthy please
like if you value life and you it's like
it's so easy to just assume you're
always going to be okay if you're okay
now you know what this is this sort of
mentality that a lot of us go through
life with that everything's fine now
it'll be fine and this is where Preppers
go off the rail the other way right they
like fucked us guys following it's
talking
fall apart and those people I'm
fascinated to see how they're gonna
freak out like now that this is real and
that like it's probably a good idea to
have stored food it's probably a good
idea to have a small supply of water
that's gonna last you a few weeks this
is all a good idea like how are those
motherfuckers gonna react to this well
they're they're ready what do you mean
well they're gonna go they're gonna ramp
it up even further because now they're
gonna be justified like they were right
so what you might very well see
especially in the south a lot of people
have guns right and with with
coronavirus there's a like you don't
want to infected people in your town so
you could very easily see people
barricading roads and saying you're not
allowed to enter the town yeah well
you're seeing that in some places where
people have vacation homes and they're
leaving the big city and going to the
vacation homes and the people that live
in these small communities are freaking
out because they don't want these
infected people coming into their
communities and infecting them and
they're trying to keep them out of their
homes out of their second homes which is
like look you can't keep someone out of
a fucking house that they own okay you
can't just decide that you're gonna
throw the Constitution out the window
and these people don't own their own
property anymore but it gets to this
weird state where everybody's in a panic
so this to me is where the president is
essential is to when people are in a
panic
well there's so much uncertainties to
inspire the world and sort of take us
back to reminding Americans reminding
the world what everyone did in World War
two yeah sort of the huge things we've
overcome as a civilization that this is
one of yes those cases and sort of as
opposed to trying to defend your little
corner of this land seeing us as all
together as a community and sort of
inspire that I think and trying to
remove I think in terms of winning
elections like if Donald Trump wants to
win the election it's just do that
because in these times difficult times
presidents are popular if you just
forget the stupid red-blue divide yeah
and just inspire the whole country he'll
run away with it it's true but you know
it's hard right now to even have that
you know he's kind of a
he's a guy that when someone comes at
him he comes at them harder you know he
describes seeing himself as a
counter-puncher right someone hits him
he had some vacuum and harder and the
media just can't let him go
like that they there's a lot of there's
a lot of currency in attacking him and
coming up with a great gotcha moment
that gets captured in video and then
gets released online and so you get all
these reporters that have this rare
opportunity to talk to him and we talked
about this one lady who just kept being
upset that someone in the administration
apparently she said it referred to it as
the cum flew and he's like what did you
say and and she said kung fu he said say
that again the Kong flu so she said that
and he goes who said that she didn't
have she didn't know who he was like
someone said it like you heard someone
said it like is this really your
question like is this really what's what
we're worried about is a joke someone
might have made in the middle of a
horrendous crisis that they call it the
Congo flu
oh Jesus let's stop the presses first of
all kung fu is awesome okay there's
nothing wrong with Kong flu yeah is
there anything wrong with saying that I
mean look the flu it's not a flu it's a
virus it's horrible that it's it's
devastating all these people but is it
more horrible if you call it Kong flu is
it so much more horrible that we have to
mean is it that racist well to me that's
a beautiful moment to say let's put our
shallow shit aside let's put this
bullshit aside
unfortunately he always he was almost
there yeah and instead he made it more
like about himself and just didn't well
so much conversation with that lady I
don't think he did I think that
conversation with that lady he was like
who's had this you know and then but
that lady represents a large percent of
the population full of ridiculous ideas
such as that yeah and he gets a chance
to speak to though like inspire that
part of the population say let's put
this social justice warriors stuff aside
yeah a brief moment as we fight I think
that threatens the economic well-being
of our nation well you hear very little
about transgender people using restrooms
right now you know you know you know
there's a lot of things that you don't
hear about you know you don't hear about
gender pronouns and a lot of stuff that
was so some
supposedly important just a small amount
of time ago and it's not to diminish the
rights and the values of transgender
people it's just to say I think a lot of
what people were complaining about and
the reasons why people were up in arms
about things it's not just because we
have real issues with discrimination but
more so that we don't have real problems
so we look to amplify problems it might
not be nearly as big as we as they are
as we would like to think they are you
know I mean when we're dealing with
something that's a real life threatening
a real huge issue no one gives a fuck
about your gender pronouns you know no
one gives a fuck of your of a them
person are you they them okay
congratulations I don't know what to
tell you but we're in the middle of
something that is a new disease it's
killing people and some people it's not
killing them at all and they're
spreading it around and it's weird so we
don't have time for nonsense and we're
in a lot of ways because society is so I
want to say this in the best way
possible this is the greatest time ever
to be alive even now even now with all
this craziness if you compare the world
today with the way we're connected to
each other
yeah there's problems there's always
gonna be problems we're a bunch of
fucking weird territorial monkeys living
on a planet you know there's there's
gonna be problems we're sorting through
all these different things out and
there's varying levels of economic
disparity physical disparity mental
disparity this is so much so much
difference between all of us there's no
no chance for complete total harmony
it's not going to exist with these
territorial Apes with thermonuclear
weapons it's not gonna exist you know
what's one of the first things that
people did when when all this happened
they went out and hoarded toilet paper
and bought guns okay that's you know
this is who people are all about the
shit hits the fan they want guns and
they want to be able to wipe their ass
and this is what people panicked about
this is still one of the best times ever
to be alive and the the thing that gives
me hope is the way I feel in my
community and the way I feel with my
friends I've had so many friends reach
out and just say are you okay how's
everything
if you need anything I'm here that's
beautiful I love that I love this
feeling of community that we have real
community it's this like especially in
the stand-up comedy world there's an
incredible sense of community right now
people are reaching out to help people
people are donating to people people are
sending people money and people are
really there they're checking in on each
other and it's like we're appreciating
each other
appreciating each other in a way that I
think I think is beautiful and I it
makes me sad that it kind of has to
coincide with the tragedy sometimes but
we're humans sometimes we need a wake-up
call we need we need a little something
that lets us know hey you know this is a
temporary situation this life in general
everything about it is temporary we are
finite life formed on a finite planet
that's heated by a finite star none of
this is gonna last it's gonna last for a
long time but it's not gonna last
enjoy this enjoy this and let's let's
let's enforce and let's encourage good
values healthy values community values
we can get through this and be a better
country I really believe this I really
believe this I think the survivors of
this can get through this as long as we
can retain these lessons it's so easy
once some something happens and then
that thing normalizes and we get back to
air quotes regular life it's so easy to
forget the lessons but if we can
reinforce those we can remind ourselves
of this and we can have these moments
you know like so many cultures do where
they have these religious ceremonies you
know I was talking to Eric Weinstein he
was talking about Jews and they were
talking what was the fucking was it
Passover yes
Passover and he was talking about how
they tell the story every year and the
reason why they tell the story I ever
used to remind everybody to remind
people that you're here because others
went through some horrendous shit and
let's let's let's thank them let's
praise them and let's remind ourselves
we're very very fortunate and remind
ourselves that we're community and the
scale of world war two did that from
where I came from in Russia that's where
that's why I have my guitar here you
play a song well maybe how about right
now okay well okay y'all spark up a
joint I want to hear this
but the reason I actually messaged Jamie
and asked do you think it's okay if I
play a song and Jerry come on man your
poem that you read last time was the
shit well but I am s agem without having
a song you didn't have a song no no I
was just I was thinking about so I've
been reading a lot about World War two
recently before the coroner virus and
then I found out I learned about my
grandfather who was at age 17 which
actually tells you a lot you have to be
18 to be in the army and he's sort of
faked his doctor that was that was what
everybody did young kids wanted to fight
for their country it's a interesting
kind of story you're not they weren't
they weren't dodging the draft they
everybody wanted to fight for their
country in Africa at that stage in 1941
when Germany invaded the the Soviet
Union the order from Stalin was that if
you get captured you have to kill
yourself so there's no surrender so you
have to I mean that's the spirit that
you're fighting with and so the only way
out is if you're a soldier is death or
severe injury and in terms of being
lucky I've been thinking about my
grandfather a lot who was severely
injured he was on a machine gun he
fought actually alongside Mikhail
Kalashnikov ak-47 event really yeah so
that's that's gay k47 came from World
War two that's a design from from there
and so your your job is so Germany in
the fall of 1941 is marching towards
Moscow and your job is basically to be a
human just a thing that slows them down
long enough to wear it they don't reach
Moscow until winter which would give an
advantage which allow Moscow to defend
easier so winter is very difficult to
fight you even world war two in Russia
so your basic job is to slow down the
troops so you're sitting there with a
machine
gun which is exceptionally difficult to
carry and you're just emptying all your
bullets and so most people are dead and
how heavy is that machine that was one
of the huge criticisms there's a
particular model I forget but most
machine guns at the start of they were
using basically World War 1 weapons in
World War 2 and that the machine guns
that they were using had this giant
metal shield that you know that you hide
behind as you're shooting and that
shield would turn out to be
exceptionally heavy so you it's not
something you can carry easily so it's I
would I would venture to say it's
probably like 200 pounds that kind of
thing fuck yeah so you're dragging it
you know through the mud through all of
that and while bullets are flying so
yeah that's it right there
I don't know the exact just yet pretty
close probably yeah probably wow we have
to look at Soviet Union where the
equipment was not great so you're
basically throwing human bodies and I
mean the so I was thinking about how
lucky because I'm alive because the
bullets like he got hurt his leg he got
hurt in his leg and I'm alive because he
got hurt because uh severely where he
couldn't continue because that's the
only way out and sort of most of his
most of his brothers are dead right and
that's you're talking about 75 million
people died in World War two most of
them in Europe and 15 million of them 50
million is civilians so people without a
gun 50 million 50 million died and it's
different than the virus I mean it's
different there's something particularly
ruthless it's something ruthless about
work well the stories they tell is of
brotherhood as you've known from Jocko
and everybody is that the kind of
friendship the kind of connection that
it's incredible there and this is our
little a little bit a world war two
moment because we're it's a global have
you ever read a Sebastian youngers book
tribe yeah it's a great book on that I
highly recommend it to people try to
understand why that tribal connection
why the community connection of people
that have gone through war is is so
strong they actually prefer war in a lot
of ways some of them do at least to
being home they prefer prefer that that
camaraderie what you when you tuning
this up how are you doing this I never
understood this there's a funny way
that's funny you can do it by ear
but I'm actually kind of scared she
listening yeah I don't know what's going
on so like this is a low E E okay that
was out of a D and there's a little
mechanism you just attached a guitar I
think it's actually doesn't go by Auto
but by vibration oh the death thing is
telling you if it's correct was it doing
I have to what does it look like like
when you seen a reading on it or
something yeah oh yeah oh that's
electronic that looks like a little
galaxy watch and when it hits blue
that's on tune a D G B II oh that's dope
you know terrifying this is okay come on
bro come on bro
you're bad motherfucker here's the
lyrics this is yours yeah try sing along
no don't please it's bad enough for me
although I do want to play a silly song
later on okay
is it a weird al' yankovic Shawn no it's
has to do with he's the best tweet about
this you read that he goes we're all
Howie Mandel now hi Mandela is right
he's probably completely freaked out I
probably get him in right after it's
over what's the song about by my
grandfather about the time we're in
about love you write this home yeah okay
oh the other thing is I'm a huge hendrix
fan so I wanted to play like last time I
chickened out I want to play Hendrix you
know hey Joe or voodoo child or you know
but your videos get taken down as I've
learned now I don't get taken down it's
revenue sharing
well someone tries to steal your money
with that with the music part yeah we
did that with when Gary Clark jr. saying
that Allman Brothers song with Susanne
Santo which was great they sang Midnight
Rider they did a version of it that's so
different than the original but they
like fuck you pay me yeah crazy so you
can't even do your own thing
mechanical licensing yeah and a lot of
his automated actually oh I don't know
you I've said this before one of the
things I love about music because I have
zero Talent I have none I don't how to
play anything that's why like Jamie
thinks it's funny I don't know what
tuning is I love things that I don't
know nothing about it and I know that
there's a rabbit hole of learning music
that like sure see the movie Groundhog
Day yeah
great movie great shot last night we
have family night we're watching like
old school like I say watching Adam
Sandler I'm an Adam Sandler junkie right
now I've watched them all dude these
fucking movies are so overrated
it's insane underrated it's a over yeah
I'm saying that a lot it's underrated
right at the movies yeah I got the names
right that's how the Bert Kreischer
thing
excuse me his movies are so fucking
underrated they're amazing look the
fucking Zohan don't mess with the Zohan
is one of the funniest movies ever ever
seen yeah I was crying laughing in the
movie he just goes for it these movies
are so silly they're so good but his
serious movies are really good like his
latest one is real I heard it's amazing
I haven't had a chance uncut gems but
anyway in Groundhog Day which is Bill
Murray movie different things but
another old-school movie from like 90
something
Bill Murray lives the same life over and
over again and no matter what he does
kills himself keeps waking up same guy
over and over again but he learns how to
play the piano because like fuck it I
should just learn a bunch of things and
so by the end of the movie spoiler alert
it's fucking 30 year old movie but he
knows how to play the piano he knows how
to do a million different things and I
remember thinking like that that is
really almost what it takes to be an
adult and learn how to play the piano
you must you must have an unlimited
amount of time because to to delve into
music like to really learn how to play
like if you're a Hendrix fan I'm a huge
Hendrix fan right that's the reason why
this podcast is named the Joe Rogan
experience I stole the name from Hendrix
but I the idea of me learning how to
play guitar being a Hendrix fan trying
to be as good as Hendrix or trying to
mimic like what he does that's too much
there's too
that's too far like your walk into the
Sun like that's too far you're never
gonna get there there's that that's you
much time that's how I look at it yeah
it's an impossible time hog well let's
see if you can comment on this because
for me people ask me about guitar like
how the hell do you cuz I do like you
know I'm a scientist at doing you guys
stuff like how do you have time for the
guitar and the way I've learned guitar
and I won't show off the things they
could do today I'll just show off my
televised is to practice every day for I
would say about five years to practice
like 30 minutes a day so you just have
to you you shouldn't look I mean you
know this you shouldn't look how far to
go to learn Hendrix right because
Hendrix particularly is exceptionally
easy scales and chords you can learn in
a day everything he uses and then
just slowly practice he's used the basic
blue scale he's a he's a basic blues
musician and how dare you know Wow
[Laughter]
it's like a lot of comedians or basic
comedians but they master the timing
yeah I don't I think fundamentals is a
word that doesn't offend people that
means the same thing yeah well isn't in
jujitsu your jiu-jitsu blackbelt you
understand that's a thing that for
whatever reason is it's bothered so many
people that Vinnie Magali was talking
about Minotauro they were on the The
Ultimate Fighter together when Minotauro
was one of the coaches and Vinnie Mac
laughs was working with someone else and
he was saying that Nogueira
who's Minotauro Nogueira who's an a
legend I mean just a fucking legend when
he was in his prime man he's one of my
all-time favorite fighters ever his
fight with Bob Sapp was probably one of
the most legendary fights in all of
mixed martial arts and one of the best
examples of technique over brawn I mean
he and he's an unbelievably tough guy so
Minotauro was just an all-time great
but maggle Ashe who's a legit world
champion Vinny Magalhaes talking about
Minotauro jujitsu game and he said it's
very basic but Minotauro got offended by
that it was really upset at him but he
tried to say like I didn't and I've
talked to him about it personal he's
like I didn't mean it that way
he took it in a bad way but I was just
saying it's the basics it's like he does
arm bars triangles rear naked choke
guillotines but it's like razor sharp
Roger Gracie is a great example that
chrome chrome Gracie is a great example
of that
fundamentals just sharp into a fucking
razor's edge where they just have the
perfect guard pass but standard guard
passes right the perfect rear naked
choke the perfect triangle choke they
just know those fundamentals that you
get taught when you're a blue belt and
but they have them down to just the most
refined way possible so that's that's
basics in jiu-jitsu it gets discussed
like that and some people for whatever
reason they get sensitive about it and
even the modern guys even Gordon Ryan
and all the Danaher death squad people
they have actually very fundamental
jujitsu
oh the unquestionably they have they
have those techniques for sure the
difference between the Danaher people is
there's two differences one they have a
phenomenally dedicated group of people
that have come out of hen Zo's because
hen zou is an amazing guy and he
fostered an incredible sense of
community also he's legacy
I mean hens owes hens Oh Gracie he's one
he's a legend right and he comes from
the most famous family in the history of
martial arts and he is easily one of the
nicest and friendliest ones of those
that that incredible family so he's got
this gem that's just filled with all
these people that are first of all
honored to be there to train with a
legend and allege in school and to they
all have this incredible sense of
community because of hens oh and because
of the people that hen zou is taught
there and then you have Danaher who's
this wizard this new zealand
fucking psychopathic she was the rash
guard he's awesome finds the system
behind everything which is amazing I
mean listening to him talk is a
modern-day philosopher wait he's a
different thing man he's a different
thing Danaher is a different thing and
he's a he's a mean genius you know and
he breaks jiu-jitsu down and I say mean
geniuses only compliments only
compliments I'm saying I mean he's like
he you know knows how to teach you how
to fuck people up man and he does it in
like an incredibly scientific systematic
way the way he he makes his system and
how these guys can progress from being a
beginner to just a few years later being
able to tap really high level black
belts is sensational and that's what
people the reason I brought them up is
people often don't think of foot locks
or the lower half of the body as a part
of the basic squat um oh but I think
Danaher is one of the people who would
Dean Lister and so on who helped
discover the basics of foot locks yeah
there's a famous quote from Lister why
would you ignore 50% of the body yeah
Danaher talked about it on my podcast
he's like why would you
you see that fucking genius brain
spinning that's the greatest podcast
ever I was like shit out who's
correcting your flawed breakdown of
different fights great I loved his
breakdown also of Gordon Ryan vs. cyborg
that was very very interesting very very
interesting because that was a big
moment when Gordon Ryan tapped cyborg
everybody's like whoa holy shit like
people knew he was for real wasn't like
people were doubting he was an amazing
grappler but when he pretty easily
tapped cyborg it was a real wake-up call
for a lot of folks yes and but on the
point of basics it's interesting wood
compared to music the this is what's
mysterious to me about watching jujitsu
watching Hadji Gracie is you watch him
do basics and destroy some of the
greatest black belts mm-hmm
but I can't see I can't see what he's
doing actually so when you roll I rolled
with follow the barrel and shaji
Harborough both guys another example of
that style crushing pressure passes to
their top game is just fucking that's
horrendous but they're doing the same
stuff I do mm-hmm but it feels different
and and only by feeling it do I discover
it the cool thing about music is that
can actually it's more it reveals itself
clearer by you can hear the difference
between Hendrix like Stevie Ray Vaughan
playing abend I got played comfortably
numb' a cover of comfortably numb and
I'll put up a video and a bunch of
people were like your bends are not
quite like David Gilmore right the way
you bend this you know mm-hmm
yeah did that sound that special sound
Gary Clark jr. sounds very Vaughn song
yes
the Jimi Hendrix sound they're playing
some basic shit I know how to play all
of it and that I know like one of the
first things I learned is Texas Flood by
Stevie Ray Vaughan I know how to play it
but there's got to be a soul in there
that requires like decades of playing
the same stupid bends and really and
then also you know dating a few
questionable women having an alcohol
problem draw
so on all of that's in there that's not
interesting that it is in there yeah so
that in the same with jiu-jitsu in order
to do that X joke for mount that hogr
does there's something in there like
he's been through some wars in order to
achieve that chor brilliant simplicity
no doubt yeah it's um there's a thing
about music to that it seems that
there's a big difference between doing
it and figuring you know like paint
trying to keep track of what the chords
are and what the notes are and someone
who knows knows they know know they give
they're deep in it so there's no
wondering whether or not they can play
it it's just simply an expression of
mood in the midst of playing it that you
get from like some a Stevie Ray
Vaughan's shit is a good example that he
had a very bluesy moody version of
guitar playing you know like some of his
stuff like you could you could you could
feel like pain in it you know you could
feel pain and some of some of his course
along with his voice to write he had
that live hard voice but it was a more
of aggressive kind of pain if you look
like a BB King that's more blues there's
this like soulful like mellow pain and
the thrill is gone yeah and all of its
the same stupid bends it's all the same
music but they yeah - eveing that I mean
but the whole point of guitar is to
discover music is to discover your own
sound did you see that
the I mean when you say your own song
I'm gonna show you something do when you
say your own sound but is it a
combination of a bunch of other people's
sounds that you've kind of put together
and adopt as your own sound is it the
classic sounds that you've reworked to
become your own like what is your own
sound as a musician I think it's your
own son I think it's probably similar to
comedy is
your own sound is discovered only once
you get technically just good enough to
mimic others and then you can just put
all the technical bullshit aside and be
good enough to try to hear your own
voice
like what so when I play the David
Gilmore solo for a comfortably numb' it
doesn't feel like me to me does not feel
like you to you because you feel like
you're imitating somebody or you're
you're just trying to do the music
you're not feeling it like what do you
know no I'm feeling it I'm feeling it
but I feel like I'm visiting a good
friend like I feel like it's not home
and that's something you develop over
time like that mmm like there is a home
there is a something that's a great way
of putting it visiting a good friend and
and but I think the early days and I
really want to make clear that because
this is embarrassed I don't I'm not
playing guitar enough these days to be
impressive so I'm not get out of your
own hook get out of your heart
dude I love acoustic music did you sit
when Bill Withers died I posted ain't no
sunshine the acoustic version damn god
damn that was good
that fucking acoustic version you know I
started it's it's so sad when someone
dies you that's when you really get into
him I've been on this crazy Bill Withers
kick for the past couple days since he
died that used me song
god damn is that a good song I don't
know that one oh I wish we could play it
yeah I wish we could play it God after
the show I'll play it for you
fuck there's so much of his stuff you
know just like it just makes you want to
close your eyes and rock your head back
and forth you know it's just and when
when a guy dies you go oh yeah
oh grandma's hands oh yeah
Oh lean on me oh shit you know that's
one of the things I did you know
self-isolation now is for the first time
in a long time
so sound weird is I actually like laid
in bed and listen to music for like just
listen and maybe a lot of people do this
I don't usually do it usually I'm doing
something else I actually like laid
there for the explicit purpose of just
listening yeah it's kind of it's amazing
it's an amazing experience yes there's
there's some real value in that yeah we
just put music on well do other shit
like working out and stuff you know
who's really into that just listening to
music is Henry Rollins when I did the
podcast with him he really improved did
we do - we did - right was wrongs on
twice anyway maybe I think he was I love
him it's like giant speakers or
something that yes he has these crazy
fucking but yes he was thank you he's
he's got speakers that are worth like a
quarter of a million dollars or
something preposterous he's dumped all
of his money and his fears he said I
fucking love him he's so unique and he
he just picks out a record and he treats
these records in the creation of these
records with reverence right and it's
really interesting to me because he's a
guy who became famous as a musician and
doesn't even do music anymore he
basically does spoken word he does like
his version of like kind of stand-up and
he's always writing he's very
inspirational in terms of his work ethic
he's always writing he writes constantly
for a bunch of different publications
weekly and then he also puts together a
radio show every week so he puts
together a playlist and he puts it on
the radio and he narrates it and talks
through it and and guides people through
his musical selections but he'll just
sit there and that was like listening to
him talk about that was one of the first
times I've ever actually considered like
oh yeah there's like real real value and
just sitting down just listening to
music and one of the things that worries
me about Henry is so he's not I don't
think married and doesn't it family so
I'm while that life seems appealing I
was because I'm in danger of going that
direction how old you 36 come
man you're fine no but I'm so loved so
many things about this world just like
Henry right right that it's easy to let
life slip away and yeah uh it's a funny
thing it's a because if taking on one
way family and kids and wife is a kind
of distraction and it's just one of just
yet another passion in a sea of passions
right that it can often just be a
distraction but at the same time the
ability to share that over a long life
to share your passions seems to be like
everything I've seen not only the
experience right but everything I've
seen it is a profound and additive it's
a profound thing to be able to share
your passions with others close to you I
guess that isn't to be family it is it
is that but there's something different
on top of that that's my friend Ray Ray
who goes by what is he rag enough I said
right his name is Ray capo he said
something to me once when he was really
when we were both really young I'm about
like more than more than ten years ago
or probably like when I was training
with him probably 2013 like 15 16 years
ago sometimes maybe even 17 years ago
somewhere around that range but we were
younger and he was talked about children
and having children and that for him it
was there was part of it that was for
his own personal edification like he
thought of children as being important
for his own like growth as a human and
you know Ray's a deeply spiritual guy as
a yoga teacher and he's like and I never
thought of it that way I was like you
look at it like figure your own and I'm
like okay and I think as a man and in
raising these little girls and seeing
these daughters grow up and for sure
I've learned a lot about human beings
but also I learned a lot myself about my
perception of humans of babies to people
and I've talked I talked about this
stage briefly but it's too weird to sort
of articulate in that joke I used to
always think of people as being a static
thing like I'd see a guy and he's a 55
year old you know truck driver and I
would think that guy has always been
that guy and now I go oh you used to be
a baby like I knew like if you asked me
hey was this guy ever a baby I would say
well of course he was a baby but I had
never intellectualized it I never looked
at it and it instantly gave me so much
more compassion and so much more like
acceptance of people work a relaxed
acceptance like a forgiveness of a lot
of stupid shit that people do and have
done I I almost immediately and raising
kids shifted that and thought how the
guys who just got fucked over
you need an asshole you like oh your
dad's probably piece of shit and you
probably grew up in a terrible
neighborhood and you're probably you
know ruined by your older brothers who
are assholes and maybe you lived in a
neighborhood where kids were stealing
from you and beating you up
fuck like that's how you get to be this
guy you don't get to be this guy because
you just choose to be a piece of shit
you know that's not what happens to
people you you become something from
your circumstances your genetics there's
so much involved in who you are and we
don't think there's any there's not much
value in being mad at someone for who
they are you know you could kind of be
mad at the impact that it has on your
life their stupidity and and we're all
you know justified in doing that but I
think one of the things about having
children of your own is you realize when
you see someone who's a mess like okay I
kind of I kind of see I understand how
that can happen now it was before I
would just be mad that it's there it's
kind of amazing though that a lot of us
I mean at least for me you're remain
from the from the self from the ego
perspective you remain the same person
like there's a lot of parts of me that
it's still like sometimes I feel like
I'm the same 12 year old kid yeah yeah
for sure
yeah and it's something especially when
there's trauma then that's the stuff
it's stuck right like I had to Erik
Weisz Tainan right couple days ago he
just released this I'm plugging
theoretical physics right his geometric
unity lecture yeah and that's something
he's been holding on for more than 30
years and there's been a lot of you know
that's something that's been occupying
his mind space he's just a 20 year old
kid releasing this now that's why it's
such a liberating step and for a lot of
us it's I'm I'm the same probably this
guitar is the same 12 12 year old 13
year old kid who fell in love with music
and the same the same just goes to
everything else like how old how old do
you feel when I'm talking to my mom I
feel like I'm like 15 15 yeah for real
he sounded different no sound the same
because I always sound like a 15 year
old well played he had true just I feel
like my mom's kid you know yes my turn
now it's like um they're real worried
about this stuff they're real worried
about coronavirus how she's in the
society white or just individual she's
like literally she's worried about it
physically no she's a woman in her 70s
it's just you know I stepped out too
it's like is their feelings are
justified it's dangerous it's dangerous
for them different than it is for us you
know and even for us it's not
universally gonna be okay
there's there's people that are very
young that have had serious
complications and even have died guys in
their early 30s dead so you know
everybody's a little weirded out but
when I talk to my mom it's um I always
feel like I felt when I lived in the
house you know I mean I'm you you if I
don't know have you ever experienced
this but one of the things that I
experienced is when I went back home
when I went back to Newton I grew up in
Newton Upper Falls when I went back when
I was a grown man with a television show
I was on TV I fucked a loser
still felt like a loser
I'd go back to that town and I feels
like I felt when I was in high school
there I felt like an outcast and I felt
like a weirdo and I felt like a loser
and so I'd go back there and also I'm
like I'm a loser there's like a part of
you I mean I went back again with my
family a few years back and I didn't
have that feeling anymore you know and
then you're the father that helped to
but it's also a lot of thinking you know
years and years and years of thinking
and years of trying to appreciate all
the things you've learned and process
them correctly do your best to have the
best most balanced perspective on what
this all is so then when I was going
back I was just really what I was
tripping out more than anything is about
the concept of memories you know because
I have this weird database where I can
go to this strange part of the planet
Earth to this weird patch of land known
as Newton up or Falls and I can go and
it was surprisingly rural that was what
was really weird like I kind of
remembered it but then I didn't rent
like my my wife grew up in a terrible
neighborhood and when we went together
and she would grew up on us really but
just crime-ridden when she was really
young and so when I was took her to
where I grew up easy nothing like real
laughing about it but it was a lot of
fields a lot of like the Charles River
was right behind my house I could go
right across the street and hang out in
the Charles River a lot of woods there
was a lot of rural shit there that I
kind of forgot about but it's a kind of
time travel just going back there it is
it's also like you're accessing files
like I stood in front of my old house
and I'm accessing these files I'm like
wow I remember there's stairs that I
always dizzy stairs that Leda I lived
next to a place called echo bridge echo
bridge is kind of a famous landmark
because you can go under echo bridge and
yell and echo bridge echoes and has this
crazy like thing and so we'd get drunk
and going to there and sing Billy Squier
songs like only is night when you find
yourself alone
that was my you know 1980s style high
school experience but going back there
as a grown man you know and and then in
a grown man who's at least gained some
grasp of perspective you know I was in
my forties at the time and wandering
around this town it just was very
interesting to to does the concept of
memory was very stunning to me the
concept of accessing all these different
moments where I'm thinking about
different times in my life I was in
these different areas and different
things happen and interacted with people
and I can kind of pull those up and so
it's a memory is such a strange thing
man it's so strange because we all know
it's flawed we all know it's filled with
holes it's it's like a terrible
representation of reality like if you
bought memory and like if you said you
know hey I'm gonna get a memory this guy
was he fuckin won the Heisman in in
college and I'm gonna download his
memories it should be awesome get that
guy's memories like this is nothing you
barely remember anything you have a
slideshow and a narrative
you have a weird blurry slideshow that
you can kind of play in the back your
head and then you have a narrative of
how it all went down but that narrative
I mean it's it's terrible in terms of
accuracy but in terms of its power and
influence on your life yeah
oh it's inaudible undeniable but you
know pro and con right physical thing
sex is about is rewriting narratives
that there are the cons yeah exactly
sure in perspectives about that too
that's where psychedelic drugs coming
Paseka Alex yeah yeah yeah and yeah I
still feel like a loser when I go back
to my parents I become a thirteen and I
find my I find myself like defending
like basically saying you know mom and
dad I'm not a loser like in my head like
I'm trying to justify
well how about these poor people that
have to move back in with their parents
because they lose their house because of
this fucking crisis and maybe lost that
and lose their dream if they're doing a
small business and yeah how many
restaurants are going under right now I
mean it's it might be a it might be more
than 50% of small businesses goddamn and
that and I don't think we've felt the
pain like there's people suffering right
now quietly and we haven't seen it's so
weird
it's such a crazy subject because I
could feel the opportunities for people
to get outraged at us even talking about
it yeah in this sort of speculative way
that we're doing like now how many
people are gonna like it's almost like
people could think that it's not it
doesn't give enough respect to the
enormity of the moment because it's so
so scary for all of us but we're all in
the middle of this shit right now man
it's fucking crazy this is the craziest
time I've ever experienced being alive
driving down the streets in LA and
there's no one on the road you know
drive to a grocery store there's fucking
no one out there these people get headed
to hardware stores and grocery stores or
gun stores well it just feels one of the
unfortunate things is it feels like
we're we don't know what's happening out
there yeah it's new well but here's the
good thing this is this is one thing
that I want to crack home to people it
is not good that all these people are
out of work but look at how much
compliance we have when we know we have
to work together to save lives how many
people are amazing yes it's not like all
these bars like fuck you were open you
know it's not like people just flood in
the streets I mean you had a bunch of
young people that are doing they're
having Spring Break that we got in
trouble and people are mad at them but
you got to realize these are eighteen
year old people they don't even have
their fucking brains aren't even formed
their brains are mush
you know they this is you can't fault
them you would be doing the exact same
thing we would all be doing the exact
same thing those are children but for
the adults like a man it's kind of
incredible
they shut everything down they really
did it's shut down everybody shut down
you do a few things you go
and everybody settles there's not this
mass traveling and constant interaction
with people this swarm of interactions
that could lead to the spread of a virus
instead there's pretty fucking
incredible levels of compliance if you
look at the United States overall you
look at this human race it's stuck on
this continent together overall there is
a stunning level of compliance that I
think is beautiful I think it's
beautiful I think it's people realizing
ok it's time to realize that some shit
has actually happened and we got a band
together and we got to figure this out
and you got the usual suspects
conspiracy theories and 5g and fucking
they just pulled the David Icke
interview David Icke did a interview
with London real yeah
Oh what he said I didn't watch it I
watched a small clip of it somebody put
up I want to see what kind of wackiness
he was saying you know he's a guy thinks
that uh all the elites are lizard people
no no I I never fully investigated that
he's a conspiracy guy like a heavy-duty
kids but he's I don't know if he goes
into the lizard people shit anymore
but he used to think they were like
literally like transformers like they
were transforming the lizard people
behind closed doors well YouTube took
his video down which I found very
interesting apparently that London real
conversation yes they deleted it yeah
YouTube pulled it so the question is
like when when it comes to these kind of
like there's so many wacky theories that
are online right about everything
it's craziness right about about
virtually everything at what point in
time do these media companies have a
responsibility to pull that stuff down
and how do they decide who how do they
know who's right and who's wrong I'm not
saying he's right I don't even know what
he said but how do they make the
distinction that what he's saying is
incorrect and and there's so much
incorrect shit that's online are you
gonna pull all that to like is it just
because it's kovat nineteen's because
it's global pandemic and we need to make
sure that the right information gets out
there yeah so having talked to YouTube
engineers
and execs they kind of have this
policies there's these quote-unquote
policies right so you want to remain
science-based fact-based you want to
avoid conspiracy theories and so on
which to me always feels the polisseni
okay a lot of people agree with that
policy even conspiracy theories agree
with agree with it in a sense that let's
remove lies and keep only the truth on
our platform yeah but the point is how
do you how open-minded are you to what
the truth is right and let's get to
something that's like a universally
accepted story what not a universally
acceptable universally recognized story
the Kennedy assassination universally
understood that University not mean what
I mean is that's it's a story that
everybody knows and it's the story is
questioned almost universe okay here's a
better one epsteen epsteen is killer
that's one nobody thinks that that guy
hung himself
no one how about that guy so if you have
various theories or various stories that
people come out and talk about with that
one yeah and I just actually yesterday
listen to Eric Weinstein
solo podcast and Jeffrey Epstein yeah I
don't know if you've listened to caught
it he talks about his kind of conspiracy
view of it I wish I was there when he
met him that would have been fascinating
to see because Eric is too smart he's
almost like too smart he's one of those
guys you talk to him like oh you poor
bastard you're burdened you're burdened
trying to make sense of the world around
apes you know and all the trauma of
anything yet like we were talking about
he's still also the thirteen the twenty
year old kid mm-hmm so he's seeing he
had a few run-ins with authority which
makes it which makes them suspicious of
authority and I think that our life
experience defines that so you can see
Epstein in a lot of different ways and
how you've experienced
yeah for sure like I mean but if you
were there look I mean okay I can tell
you very nice
I can CBD kill quit fun yeah that's
right I like it
I know actually quite a lot of people
that have met Epstein do you really yeah
because you're in the scientific yeah
yeah especially at MIT it was a big
donor you've tainted a lot of people's
reputations knowing him basically if you
took a picture with him your reputation
is tainted yeah yeah whether you knew
him or not but I think I I do think that
outside of conspiracy theories that he
was an exceptionally charming person so
he was good you know the charming people
charming people yeah and I don't mean to
make it sound yeah I know it's positive
or negative it is what it is is the
devil it's gonna be charming so right
right and the other thing is he
genuinely showed curiosity towards
scientific ideas even out there big
scientific especially do you think that
was though have you ever thought about
that do you think that it's possible
that look I mean if you just look at it
from a perspective of is the big theory
the big theory right is that he's some
sort of a intelligence operative right
yes so he's an intelligence operative do
you don't you think it's a part of his
job to try to infiltrate these
scientific communities I mean there must
have been a directive if he really is an
intelligence operative it's not like
they're like hey go pursue your interest
Haidee I hear you have a really big love
of science just feel free to do that on
the side no well what the fuck was he
doing if he's an intelligence operative
what is the intelligence that having sex
with underage girls it can't be that
well the idea of Eric that Eric pushes
forward by the way I'm talking to him on
the podcast I do tomorrow which is when
I talk about him a lot so I've been
preparing for like a three-hour
conversation with Eric Weinstein which
will kill have you met him before yeah
yeah I did I did a podcast
oh and I've met him and I hung out with
him and you and at the college that's
right that's right but it's always a
overwhelmingly intense experience
intellectually so in a podcast form you
have to call people out in their
bullshit which is very hard to do with
their why's that yeah that that theory
boy checked out ten minutes into that
theory oh the GMAT yeah and I tried to
go back to it and listen to it again I'm
like while he was talking like okay I'm
so far behind here of what he's I'm just
gonna like try to keep up but recognize
that I'm not going to and then go back
and then listen to it again well he
hates putting stuff into words simply
yeah he's like allergic to saying simple
stuff because it's not beautiful and
witty so he always like drenches
everything in humor and wit and this
like beautiful language well he talks to
the initiated he when when he's
describing complex things he describes
him to people that understand complex
things know but it's also mean this is
the criticism I had this what I'm gonna
nail tomorrow and always tell him is he
almost he hates explaining the basics of
something he just skips ahead right even
for the initiated it's nice to go to the
basics to explain like what are the
ground were standing on he skips right
into the depth of things which is you
know beautiful but sometimes requires
you listening again he's too smart just
hanging out with apes like me but he had
an Epstein he thinks that
yeah his arm you know it's possible that
Epstein is sorry what was the term use
but of the Intelligence Committee he's
an operative operative of the
intelligence community but the the
pedophile thing is a mess up on the part
of the intelligent so they didn't know
they didn't miss that ya know so well it
could it could also be that he felt like
he'd get me remember when this was all
started out when he started out doing
that it was all before social media
right so he probably thought that he had
this incredible amount of power because
the fact that he was connected and by
the intelligence community if he was he
probably thought he could get away with
it makes you wonder of all the horrible
things that happen in this world before
social media before the spread of
information was Bob craziness create
just just sheer craziness
you know but I know it's like look how
about Catholic Church and they just
still might be going on right hundred
percent goin on down hey guys the
fucking heats too hot let's stop fucking
kids no they're still getting away with
it somehow or another you know the
Vatican is still its own country you
know that right it's like it's sort of
recognized as a country they have their
own laws they don't extradite people so
there's a bunch of sex criminals that
live in the Vatican and there was a
recent thing with Australia where they
they acquitted some believe it was a
cardinal that was accused of sex crimes
with children it's awful man the idea
that that one church is so connected to
that like there's not another Church you
go oh kid fuckers Catholic Church kid
fuckers they like that they go hand in
hand you don't there's nothing like that
with like Mormons there's nothing like
that with Presbyterians but the Catholic
Church is like inexorably connected to
child molesters that is fucking crazy
and that we all know that they have
shielded these people and move these
people around there's been horrendous
documentary so if you watch them your
jaw drops you can't believe did you ever
hear no evil your watch that documentary
that's not the one where the Boston
Globe I don't know one that won the
Oscar I don't know if that was the
documentary say yeah here's a document
yeah yeah no it was all about this well
there's a bunch of um you know I don't
even want to get into depth about it
because I get disgusted there's a quite
a few documentaries about sex crimes in
the Catholic Church and one of them one
of the more horrendous crimes involved
that guy Ratzinger that they had to kick
out as a pope you know that guy was
personally responsible for moving a
priest who was molesting kids moved him
to a new place where he molested a
hundred deaf kids yeah just imagine just
imagine that you you could be that that
person can exist inside the structure of
the Catholic religion or the Catholic
Church and that doesn't mean they're all
like that I mean I'm sure there's a
large amount of beautiful people that
are involved in the Catholic Church you
know there's a probably
mount of people that really only want to
do the work of God and become a better
person and that's why they're in it but
you also can't deny that this is a thing
that exists in even in 2020 this is
still an issue that's crazy man and one
of those issues just like influenza that
we kind of we've accepted as a thing
that yes because it's not new yes yes
what is that that's so weird
that's so true what you just said you
just nailed it yeah it's just and
there's all kinds of other types of
suffering that we that's just in the
background
malaria yeah they dope all the problems
that only Bill Gates worries well
everybody apparently people that were at
his when were you at his 2015 speech
when you're talking about it
um you listen to that speech no I have
not
he's he's like spot-on predicting
everything really yeah I mean and he's
still right forget coronavirus I mean
basically the thing the the thing in
this century that's likely to kill 500
million people is natural pandemics yeah
I mean this is what we're going through
now is nothing so if like World War two
for example like the stories just
thinking like learning more about my
grandfather what was going through a
Russia and Europe we take for granted
now that we can go to the grocery store
we still have food we're kind of talking
about it but like imagine there's no
food that's it no food that's it yeah
that you're starving so millions of
people gonna die from start they imagine
what you're gonna do for your family if
there's no food especially so the world
war two had the nice the horrible but
the nice property that there was an
enemy but when with the coronavirus the
enemies other people yeah
yeah and that when things get really bad
not coronaviruses shouldn't say that
because that's not going to get bad but
a natural pandemic its it can do
it can wreak I mean he can destroy
societies in ways we can't imagine
Bill Gates was basically in his very
polite nerd way saying that we should
really be worried about we should really
be investing in a huge infrastructure
for vaccine development for testing all
those kinds of things yeah I think
because of his charities
you know he's sort of looked into it a
lot deeper than a lot of other folks
have and because he has an infinite
amount of time and money he's probably
sitting around thinking like wow how
come people are looking at that hey do
you think they're done psychedelics find
it yes yes I mean so many people of his
era did you know it was a big part of
Steve Jobs and his revelations although
I think he probably should have done
more of it Steve Jobs and Exim I wasn't
a little bit nicer oh you're that
intensity that passion is what fuels
great engineers so it does that's the
problem right it's like you get
something that great you almost have to
have that maniacal vision behind it what
do you want a nice guy or an iPhone
thank you I think that's a great meme
that's a great meme Steve Jobs like
looking looking angry she says what do
you want a nice guy or an iPhone bill
Gates once coyly defended LSD use by
saying I never missed a day of work
oh there you go yeah of course he did it
yeah of course he did it
theythey all tried it back then why
wouldn't they you know yeah I think you
guys know would beef with it was Ilan
about about I think he said that the
chest he said something bad about Tesla
no no no no he was actually defending he
was talking good about tie cans about
Porsche tycoons and Elon said he was
very unimpressed with him but as he
reminded me with memes somebody replied
with a meme of not a meme a real video
Bill Gates jumping over a chair and they
said I don't know I find him impressive
and he Lana said yeah that's pretty
impressive
I love when uh tech CEOs of major
companies that have the can be silly
like that
Elon is very silly he responds to people
on Twitter he gets silly he's having fun
having a good time
this is Bill Gates jumping over a chair
that's a pretty good jump for a nerd not
bad
what do you mean for a nerd I hate that
word by the way I love nerd
yeah too good word nobody you don't use
it you don't mean I don't mean it in a
positive way
yeah yes okay well let me let me I do
often you do often yeah yeah I mean a
guy who like is wearing glasses with the
fucking sweater with a collared shirt
underneath it he looks like a nerd so
you use it positively in that let me a
silly kind of way but you don't think of
a nerd as somebody as an ideal of a man
or an a do it like wrong with nerds no I
just like my perspective is never like
that look I'm a nerd about a lot of
things I mean see now you're saying that
I'm a nerd about for sure no I I totally
I guess when I was speaking to and
that's relevant for our time is that
science is not admired in ways because
I've seen the alternative mission Soviet
Union the way people admire scientists
is the way they admire great athletes
great great creators of all kinds and
nerds sometimes diminishes that in in
ways that it seems like a peculiar quirk
of a human being is just like it's it
connects it to like you know going to
comic-con conventions kind of nerd verse
that's different that's a dork the dork
yeah so when you comic-con dork
we've think we've gone over this
recently dork is rarely positive Dorf is
good if it's done self-deprecating Carr
self a dork I'm such a fucking dork but
it's very rare that dork is positive
whereas nerd is often positive nerd is
like guys a science
heavy heavy science nerd like that's
that's just a fun way of saying
someone's really smart about a certain
thing but I know what you're saying yeah
there but I don't think the way around
that is to eliminate words or even stop
using certain words
I think the way around that is just to
appreciate people that are really great
at science yeah that's the way around
that it's not the words don't really
matter it's perceptions that matter no I
don't think necessarily that science has
a bad perception it just doesn't have a
glamorous enough perception how many
people can name Oscar winners that are
just really good at lying they're just
really good pretenders and we can name
them but how many people can name Nobel
Prize winners in science it's very few
right exactly and I guess the thing I
was also speaking to and definitely keep
using the word and it doesn't oh I'm
gonna preventing words is uh I don't let
nerds tell me what to do and see there
you go no the the thing so that's
actually the point I was trying to make
it wasn't the his nerd is synonymous
with weak that I always hated as a
person who loves fighting like I like to
appreciate like I like the fact that
people are complimenting sort of the
into the pursuit of your scientific
curiosity that is great but I just never
liked it it's the thing I've experienced
in this country is nerd as an image is
seen as weakness he's the kid that gets
picked on and I was it always annoyed me
because to me intelligence and it nerds
annoyed me nerds annoy me because they
like lean into it
like most people I know are kind of like
don't work out much yeah cornered in it
and they kind of lean into that idea do
you think they're leaning into that
because they were bullied by people who
work out a lot so they think of those
people work out is like I don't want to
get into their thing those people suck
they were always mean to me yeah
something like that and you kind of
create a narrative where like jujitsu or
fighting it's like a brute thing just
like you talked about with
just having small penises mm-hmm you say
say all those barbarians with their big
penises yeah that's why you telling me
this is the the professor is giving us a
tour was telling me I think you can be a
noble person and have a big penis whoa
you trying is it a humble brag an
analogy let people know that's all right
no I agree with you that's what people
don't want right we don't want a guy
with a bigger dick than you that's smart
that's like the same thing you don't
want a guy with a woman or a guy you
don't want a woman who's hot and smart
you know if that was like when people
think of really beautiful women they
automatically assumed that woman's dumb
and oftentimes that is not the case
sometimes people just have awesome bone
structure and if they you know
stimulated themselves in mentally if
they pursued things if they had an
interest in certain scientific or you
know esoteric ideas and you
underestimated them
you would be you've feel really
humiliated if a super smart but super
hot girl put you in your place let you
know not only am i hot but I'm fucking
smarter than you stupid like that too
men don't ever want to think that they
almost always love to assume that
someone who is pretty is dumb yeah I
love it I love seeing like I love seeing
women who dress up like like pretty like
sexually they're not trying to and are
also brilliant yeah no it's a it's like
a nephew to society there yeah I can be
both things listen man women like
dressing like that we're different you
know for us to try to imagine why they
like doing it well they're trying to
look sexually attractive yes for sure
why they trying to do that they actually
liked it too they liked dressing like
that if we if for a while for wonder
like if if women were into us dressing
like women like how many how many people
would do it if that became a new thing
like girls really want to fuck guys or
wear skirts isn't that a big deal in
Scotland that's a kilt it's a different
thing different you know like a
miniskirt I'm like like fucking the hot
little latex jammy like you know
hugs your curves I think you see some
dudes and use your legs to do that that
would be like this maybe not a lot of
people wouldn't maybe they would not
know if you had to life they're like and
you have to shave your legs maybe that
would be the end but it depends right
why do girls do it
yeah they don't all yeah by the way how
many people find out what their woman
really looks like now they can't do
their eyelashes they killed my brows
they can't do their hair that can't do
their nails
whoo well your your haircut is the right
haircut
oh this is what everybody should get
yeah wish I did it when I was younger
it's liberating yes from the moment I
did it I was like of course yeah god
damn it especially for someone that's
losing their hair like please just shave
your fucking head and just accept it
only if you got a weird-shaped ed that's
you okay accept it and I'm gonna do any
better with some weird hair hanging off
the back of it I'm growing it out you
should man got a beautiful head of hair
look at it so thick it's like a brush
yeah you use your hair to brush other
people's hair thanks to the idea but
sits yeah the the fact that their barber
barbers are all closed I mean all of
these little aspects of society just
kind of yep it's kicking in mm-hmm
it's like I'm hoping things restart and
normalize you know I'm hoping the
economists can figure out some sort of a
stimulus package to get things rolling
again I hope we have the resources it's
I'm hopeful and I'm also hopeful that
the positive aspects of it will stick
this is my perspective the Kido guy is
pretty good for this is I've been
enjoying it I was not well I don't know
I feel like I can not eat for long
periods of yeah they're like fasting ice
I guess you know and what it does me I
like it
you're not so you lack the discipline to
just Ankit oh I just my Instagram post
today well I was very rarely Kido i did
carnivore though that was my favorite
diet yeah that's all I'm still doing
carnivore just eating but I just decided
while this is all going on if there we
might have an issue with food I'm not
gonna be picky I'm just gonna eat for
sure that's just my perspective during
this thing once everything normalizes if
and if and when that happens I'm gonna
go back to carnivore I think like right
now oh my I'm just gonna eat
I'm gonna worry about that just gonna be
thankful to have food yeah carnivore is
amazing it's great for I've been running
longer longer distances I did Devon gave
a Goggins ID yeah it was I wanted to
talk to you about that tell everybody
what you did cuz it's crazy
you ran four miles every day or every
four hours every four hours yeah it's
not it's not that crazy it's crazy for
me I'm not a runner so it's 48 miles
over a period of 48 hours for two days
the mileage is not that crazy
because I was doing like a 9 or 10
minute mile so it's not you know I'm
just running old lady pays a lot of time
that the time is in the mind the the
thing that really pushed me to end okay
I decided to do after each time to
record myself saying something that I'm
grateful for which is a stupid fucking
idea why well no it's a beautiful idea
but the recording part because I hated
life and I hated everything like halfway
through like so I had to be positive
when I'm recording myself so you could
only sleep for a couple hours at a time
a couple hours at a time
are you tired all the time I got that
where I wasn't tired I was like hi I was
like unsure what's happening delivery's
because your body is exhausted in a way
that's like like after a good workout
mm-hmm but it continues going farther
and farther into that direction
everyone is hot right it was yeah it's a
it's a high but there's an exhaustion
too and it was I was carnivore
I was hungry but also overeating like
for some reason really wanted to full
oven roasted chicken so I I'm one of the
runs I ran by the grocery still picked
up other roasted chicken and just ate
the whole thing
and then just the the whole just the
whole experience just is a mind don't
test your burning off an insane amount
of calories running four miles every
four hour or four miles or four hours
not that insane I would say it's
probably the whole thing is probably I
don't know 10,000 calories so over two
days it's not too crazy yeah but you're
basically running a marathon a day
yeah that's crazy for two days yeah
that's crazy deal is why are you trying
to downplay it no I was great I mean the
whole thing was crazy but do you think
Jamie I'm up wrong here right I
understand what he's saying no so cuz
you get a little break for four miles
isn't the longest run that's like a 5k
you can get it done in less than an hour
it's 45 minutes it's that's given long
if you're going at his pace is that what
you're doing about 45 minutes 45 yeah
sometimes I would stop like it's cool
you get pretty far through an audio book
but the sleep thing was I was crazy I
think the only reason I did it which is
a good lesson is I saw Goggins posted on
Instagram and I announced on social
media that I'm going to do it she's the
only reason I did it I mean it's a good
thing too it's nice it's nice to just
announce you know because then you feel
like such a accountable yeah so I mean I
thought maybe I could just delete the
tweet just just a walk but I was great
about our sober October challenges you
have to do it you know the first one was
so easy the yoga one was just 15 hot
yoga's in a month's is a yoga every
other day not that big a deal but seemed
like it it's hanging over your head but
that's nothing compared to what you did
well the the nice thing also David
Goggins on his Instagram went live every
four hours so every four hours
beforehand I'm just like sitting here
watching this crazy shirtless man like
screaming yes of course he was making it
seem like it's gonna be easy and let me
kind of walk it back like the gratitude
thing was the filming was hard and but
it is actually a really cool experience
so before the run I wrote down 12 things
I'm really grateful for like family like
family friends my childhood like a night
and as I ran I thought about it
like what I'm gonna say and that
thinking it's weird it was all for doing
like recording myself right but the
result was like pretty profound for
myself as an experience it's kind of
similar with podcasts like you and I
wouldn't have
conversation without microphone right
right especially would wouldn't have it
this long this long sitting across from
each other
yeah but recording yourself was like I
really have to now think that I'm
thankful for my family and think of like
really put that to my nose yeah that was
big and and also just by the way if
people are thinking about that for
because there's a I had so many people
message me about the challenge if you're
thinking of doing it please don't do it
bitch I don't listen to him i I think I
think just running 48 miles is a better
challenge because this was torture so if
you okay just okay people are thinking
of doing it realize that you're not
doing a test of run it's not a running
test it's not a marathon test it's a
test of it's it's a mental test of how
much you want to do something really
stupid
I guess that's that marathon test but
like the you have so much more time to
think about how stupid the thing you're
doing is that makes it a really big
mental challenge would you if you have
the option halfway into it to just
finish the run just keep going until
it's over 100% yeah really
so you think it might have been more
torture to do it with those brakes and
the rests and the food and relaxing for
a little bit yeah yeah the Tory hangs
over your head it hangs over your head
the fact that you have to wake up in
three hours and like oh so I never slept
in my bed I just laid facedown on the
carpeted floor did you substitute any
those runs for jujitsu I was I
substituted one of them for jujitsu but
at the end I run eight miles because I
thought it was a cop-out that's how I
did jujitsu
I felt so jujitsu I did shout out to
Broadway Jets they're all closed now
yeah jujitsu Jim's gonna be a while
before they open up again right and I
hope it doesn't they don't close like I
know man it's just so many people gonna
be freaked out by germs yeah but I
it feels weird to talk about but yeah I
felt really really good when
did you do this pretty close to this
whole log break maybe a month ago to a
month and a half ago yeah it was like
February then yeah
end of February SHhhh yeah and I
actually gave a big talk to a large
audience in Philadelphia like a March
8th or something like that like I was in
Vegas for the UFC that we can those are
the last weekend I traveled so I guess
it was March 7th that might be the last
time isn't that weird like what was the
last time you did a stand-up mMmmm that
week I did I did some shows the improv
and and then I was supposed to do some
shows the Comedy Store and we were
talking about it and they said it's too
the rooms too big because they were
limiting the crowds down to 200 people
that was the first thing they did so
they were gonna move the crowd they were
gonna move my show to another date and
then open up the original room which is
a smaller room of 150 people and they
were asking me if I wanted to go in
there or if I'd wanted to just cancel
and reschedule we were working all that
out and then they contacted us and they
were asking me and a bunch of other
comics like what what do you think we
should do here you know cuz there's part
of us that thinks we should just shut
down and they shut down before the order
was given to shut down they decided this
is you know the Comedy Store doesn't
want anybody get sick and they were
worried about people losing income but
they were also saying like this is
probably the right idea to just shut
down and then The Improv shut down
shortly after but they all shut down
before they were required to they just
shut down because it just seemed like
the walls are closing in but did you
realize at that time this might be the
last time wait man because it might be I
am I don't want to say anything but it
might be a long time before you do
stand-up comedy what do you think
another six months I think it's okay
here's what I think all right I think it
would be longer than six months for sure
really yeah why do you think that
because gatherings of large group I'm
hoping I'd there'll be a lot of
interesting in
of what gatherings or large groups will
look like like I can see you're doing
stand up to a small audience
let's tuned in like people remotely turn
in a larger scale what I get something
like online you can't do it
no not online only because you have
online period because people record it
and record it yeah working on your new
stuff so you're always you know comedies
are assholes
they're very good which is one of the
reasons why most sets don't get leaked
you know they leak the louis c.k set
it's like almost understandable
especially just learn live yeah yeah I
see it you can get it I've watched all
of it I watched a half of it I'm weird
too sorry to interrupt
no okay it was weird to watch because
it's good it's intense like his other
specials right he talked about
pedophilia everything but it feels weird
to see a crowd to listen to it yet to
see a crowd and to listen to a comedian
in this time not mentioned come on a
virus so like I think it made me realize
that I have a hunger that's probably a
lot of people to hear like a comedian
talk about like we want to see stand-up
comedy about the virus mm-hmm yeah I
guess the podcast is a kind of
replacement but like because we're we
want some normalcy right we're all alone
with our thoughts and our paranoia and
then news media which in many cases is
accelerating our anxiety because there's
value in developing stories and writing
stories that get people outraged or
clickbait you know so there's that and
we need people just talking just talking
just just people that are just like you
talking about stuff various walks of
life that's that helps us this is a
certain community that we're all part of
you know and I feel very connected to
that now you know because this podcast
is it's kind of taking on a different
form over the last few years which is
one of the reasons why I actually have
to address people talking about politics
and me Mike you guys are out of your
fucking
if you listening to me but I have to
accept that that this is part of the new
form that this thing is taken and
another form that's taken this this
thing is taken is that it's sort of like
an electronic campfire in a lot of ways
you know there's there's a great value
to people just sitting around shooting
this shit and I know there's a lot of
people at home that can't
you're not chiming in you wish you would
you want you probably have some things
to say it's one of things one of the
reasons why comments get so aggressive
sometimes because people are listening
they have something to say and they
can't you just keep talking and like
fuck and they're like but maybe you
should focus your guests or maybe we
should maybe we should it's really they
they have a thing in them that they want
to express to like you're talking they
have some interesting shit to say too
and a lot of them do yeah by the way at
that point I know you don't check
comments but I'm actually I kind of
enjoy checking especially yours like I'm
a fan there's a little one one I'm a fan
of yours I like being a fan of cool
people and I'll just go on your
Instagram just comment and there'll be
some there's always some percentage of
people who are who are so shitty but
most of them that's where I disagree
with you guys I think most of them
really cool yes I think so too
no I think so too but also there's this
chat I think most people know most but
there's a big percentage of the
population who just enjoy being shitty
but they also enjoy being nice sometimes
yeah cuz they're not being shitty for
real - just shit posting yeah so as long
as you're able to inspire them to be
nice or at least more because because
shitposting done well has a humor behind
it their love and respect behind it
that's kind of obvious yes look one
person has to take the head they're
saying something funny and one person
takes the hit but a thousand people
reading those comments go by that's so
true hey man I get it I'm not trying to
stop anybody from commenting you know
there was a time where the comments were
blocked off because the streaming didn't
allow comments cuz we didn't have a chat
in the streaming
you have a chat and streaming it
devolves into racial slurs and and
ethnic slurs and anti-semitic slur but
it's fucking chaos sometimes because
people just want to see if you're
reading that while you're talking they
want you to react so they'll write some
horrible shit just so that you react
sometimes somebody can have that I'm not
gonna read that so I'm like just shut
off the chat let's just will stream the
show live but then we were uploading it
comments were shut off because of some
sort of a flaw in the way it was
processed so like you had to have the
chat on for comments to be on or some
playing time but they fixed that but I
was I really wanted people to know like
if you want to talk about what we're
talking about I want you to be able to I
can't read it because I don't have the
time and it's I don't think it's healthy
like it's not it's like it does
something bad to your mind but I figure
that's a technology problem cuz my dream
would be for somebody like you to be
able to read comments
every once in a while in a way that is
healthy no I could I could that's not
the problem the problem is for me
personally there is so little time to
just process life that any time that I
spend trying to rationalize or trying to
accept or trying to process someone's
comments like there's not enough time
for that
I wanna I would love to do I try very
hard to do my best that's what I try to
do with everything and with this podcast
I try to do my best and I know sometimes
I'm talk too much or I talk too much or
um I stumble through my words or I'm
overbearing or this or that or yeah this
it's a balancing act like sometimes you
stumble it's weird it's all live you
know everything I'm doing is live with
no script that millions of people get to
see and listen to how do you get that
signal though so one of the things I
enjoy before I block them is people who
criticize her truly rude but would enjoy
that oh no I know and I don't enjoy it
but III think it's constructive in the
sense that it within the rudeness
there's often like a opportunity to
improve often not often there are you
saying they're rude but they have a
point because I find that rude people
are more likely like I'm
fortunate to be part of the community
who are really nice to me and just in
general nice I find that they're unable
to tell me sort of constructive
criticisms in following like and like if
I mumble or if I'm not articulate with
my ideas or if I'm if I use a certain
word too much or if I'm too stuck in a
certain kind of perspective you need the
asshole to come along to call you like a
liberal douche bag yes that's what
friends are for you know friends are for
busting balls I mean that's one of the
things about comedians that a lot of
people had a hard time when we started
doing podcasts one of the things that a
lot of people at a hard time with was
how mean we are to each other like me
and Bryan Callen and and Eddie Bravo and
Brendan Schaub when we start goofing on
each other or other comics that come in
here and goof on each other
well we goof into each other we goof on
each other hard you know but but there's
fun in that like we all enjoy it like
comedians to each other some of the
fucking meanest people ever like we're
no one's around we say some of the
fucking group chats I mean we're people
shitting on each other it is hilarious
it's so mean but really fucking funny
and we also do that as an exercise
because it cows is you to other people's
insults and to that like there's it's a
thing that men do to each other they
shit on each other first of all to keep
each other in check and they expect you
to do that to them but also to kind of
toughen you to people that don't love
you think I talk shit yeah you're used
to it you know look if you grow up in a
place like you know that is filled with
people that are always drunk and it's
cold out like Boston people talk a lot
of shit talk a lot of shit to each other
that's one of the reasons why so many
great comics came out of Boston it's cuz
it's fucking cold and people don't have
time for your bullshit and because of
that because of that lack of attention
span or short attention span like you
you can learn how to come out of the
gate fast and you learn how to
appreciate people's time it's a way to
show low isn't that weird for us but as
it's funny because people like I love
most I'm closest with you know
talk a lot of shit but like you have to
earn that right yes it's funny like
people some people walk into my life
talking like like most of my vault and
it's like well we're not there yet we're
not it's an interesting kind of well you
have to know that they love you you know
that has to get underlying it all by the
way I do think you guys are too rough on
calendar I'm just I'm just a fan who
showed up the company loves it he he he
brings it on himself but by the way he
has the thickest skin of any fucking
Union I've ever met in my life never in
all my years of knowing that kind I've
known Cal for 25 years 25 fucking years
never have I seen him get upset at
someone mocking him or insulting him
getting legitimately and insulted by it
I've never seen him never it just goes
like this
throwing bounces off like Rhino skin
like literally loses zero enthusiasm I
mean and it's not that he's not an
introspective guy something's not an
objective god he has a unique ability to
handle insults and he'll even
rebroadcast those like if his friends
are shitting on him he'll be like can
you believe these guys like openly
disrespecting my age and my looks
he it doesn't bother him he's got a
great perspective he's a very unique guy
Bryan Callen very very unique I don't
know anyone like him so the the silly
song I have is made by him actually it
is yeah I'm not kind of I talked to I
texted him back and forth but he uses
words whatever I'll tell you things you
want to do the silly song first let me
do this alright calm ourselves so we
relight some sage and I also have a
question for you
a big one you want to go to the question
first no no
jamn you leave me an anticipation now I
gotta ask you something about Trump oh
really
yeah demons be gone see uh Duncan
Trussell was speaking demons be gone
with the mask thing he wore masks oh
yeah it was really on that well he also
wore a ghillie suit so let's not get
carried away
so my voice is terrible this is more
like a poem don't get in your own head
man let it go
[Music]
my granddad was a soldier on the Front's
in 41 the bullets took his brothers but
stubborn lock held on the sky was filled
with fire millions lost and flame
eight and love for all there in the
world that were the same
some days will sink in sadness and the
way of them to talk don't lose yourself
to madness the way out is love
when the New York towers crumble we were
all New Yorkers to for a moment all just
human not the same old red blue the
wicked I'll go on scheming for the power
the pain but the heart that longs for
freedom there's a fire
they'll never tame
some days will sink in sadness the way
of them to enter
don't lose yourself to madness the way
out is love
the virus took our comfort it was never
ours to own
when the enemy's inside of but together
but alone
this life is so damn fragile a leaf
caught by the wind but every bet that's
tragic ignites a hope within
some days will sink and sadness the way
of them to talk don't lose yourself to
madness the way is lex friedman ladies
and gentlemen when's the album coming
out no album ever what made you decide
to want to come in front of millions of
people and sing a song I don't know I'm
thinking about mess it up mix it up a
challenge like that for every what's
okay I'll tell you what hours it's kind
of a challenge she scares the shit I'm
he's the scariest thing ever but I also
wanted to be it because I thinking about
for one last time I came on I really
wanted to play Hendrix and I actually
had my guitar and I chickened out so I
thought okay because it's actually
technically really difficult to play in
front of a lot of you know cuz you're
not gonna let me like try a few times
right right I have to do it like without
any mistakes and what happens if you try
to play Hendricks Hendricks on acoustic
guitar is really tough to play because
it's uh it doesn't have like it's easier
to play voodoo child with distortion
because you can mess up and you can it's
also nice blue scale so you can let it
ring you can just jam ah you can go Gary
Clark jr. mode mm-hmm but with acoustic
every mess-up has a like as like it's
silence after so acoustic doesn't ring
for a long time when you play individual
notes it dies quickly so you can hear
mess-ups really easily so so I knew if I
mess up it's going to just solve and I
knew all would freak out and so on so I
just wanted I just thought to do I
thought to uh to do something we can't
where I just strum chords where I can't
screw it up at all so and then the the
virus thing just made me think like I
was talking to my dad a lot about about
my grandfather and just brought it it
made it so real to me because I studied
World War two a lot its especially the
Holocaust and all that but like the the
fact that just learning about my
grandfather just made it so
real to me it kind of connected
everything together plus there's a book
I recommend people read is um by Albert
Camus called the plague that he wrote
right after World War two is I don't
know if you know if he is he's like an
existentialist philosopher
existentialists believed that you know
you have to live like life is absurd
life is life is suffering and there's no
meaning to it all you just have to live
the moment and take take each moment as
it comes and live it to the fullest kind
of kind of idea so he described his town
that got overtaken by the plague in the
book the plague and that kind of similar
to bubonic plague basically similar
characteristics and writes about how
everybody reacts in different ways the
main character is a doctor who basically
sees the the absurdity of the suffering
around him that there's no meaning to it
all that's the thing about the virus
like with the Nazis and with Wars
there's an enemy you can kind of trace
back and understand what was happening I
mean the virus it just seems like it
can't comes out of nowhere you know and
it breaks the spine of the way we think
of regular life like some people try to
cling on to regular life as if nothing
is happening which by the way it's kind
of like what a lot of our society is
doing right now we're not yet we haven't
really felt the pain yet and and and
hopefully we won't but there's this kind
of dull the calm before the storm kind
of period and then some people become
like more religious they start to search
for the bigger meaning of life outside
of the material possessions and then the
doctor represents the idea that no
matter what he he gives themselves fully
to his to his craft of helping other
human beings and overall there's a story
that this idea that suffering is just
part of life and the only way there's a
natural temptation when there's cruelty
and suffering all around you to isolate
yourself and to uh to withdraw from life
as anything you do in life is going to
lead to suffering you know dating like
if you get married it's gonna lead to
suffering because eventually you're
going to lose the people you love so
there's a natural desire to withdraw but
in fact what he found the doctrine what
he saw around him is that love and
compassion like giving yourself fully to
the love of other human beings into his
community is the only way to deal with
that kind of suffering that's a to me
it's a really profound story about like
about love being the right response in a
time of crisis crisis and the crisis
that hits everybody like you want to
kind of hide from it but it actually
were more suffering happens so it's a
it's a kind of profound book that I
recommend we got a I recommend people
read most people have read like in him
in high school for there's a book called
the stranger but that one in particular
seems so connected to us oh sorry he
wrote in as an allegory for World War
two
so the plague in that case is the Nazis
mm-hmm that it just hits out of nowhere
and his book was really popular I think
in 1947 he wrote it because you know as
a kind of allegory of world war two a
way to talk about these the virus that
first infects the rats and then affects
the weaker humans it affects everybody
it was an a connection and an allegory
an analogy to the the Nazis and so I saw
the connection between now and and the
Nazis of course the scale their world
World War two was much more intense and
and and finally just how like fragile
this whole damn thing is like that my
grandfather had probably single-digit
percentage chance of living you know
like most people died most soldiers died
in the especially in those early years
of 1941 when the Nazis
I think basically Stalin was using
Russian soldiers and just human beings
as human shields but yeah just threw
bodies at the problem so the fact that
my dad my grandfather survived seems
crazy like and I do all these things I'm
here talking to you wearing a stupid tie
like all of that is connected to like he
somehow survived I think all those look
real ripple effects me doing research
you know I hope to impact like billions
people one day you know those like a
little ripple effects like how fortunate
I am to be part of that I mean it just
all seems to be connected to me so I
wrote you have to go back before him
right I mean he is here because someone
want to fight with a rock you know some
some time in history there's probably
one of his ancestors that Club someone
to death of the rock who was breaking
into his his house and not that many
humans ago as you put it not that many
humans go yeah not that many you know if
you go like let's think I mean they're
they're constantly pushing back the age
of the oldest human they recently pushed
it back even further see what that study
said the age of the oldest human they
bump back look another half a million
years or so I think it was I think
they're talking about Australia Pittacus
and another ancient human all lived
together at the same time there's quite
a few quite a few different styles of
human that that lived together at that
same time at that time sorry to
interrupt but at that time along with
humans lived millions of viruses oh yeah
of course yeah so they they to not not
to give any shoutouts to viruses but
they they to survive because their
grandparents have clubbed somebody over
the head well Bill Hicks called people a
virus with shoes you know he was joking
around obviously but that's truth to
that there's something to that
in that what is what is if
you stopped and think if you were a cow
or a carrot or tomato plant or avocados
or chickens or think of the things we
fuckin consume and think of the living
things that we pull out of the ground
and shove into our bodies and consume
now think of that with something else
think of that was you know if there was
a population of animals like tuna that
just got wiped out by something the way
we wiped them out you would go whoa like
oh yeah there's a tuna virus and it's
literally killed 80 percent of all the
tuna in the ocean we're down to like 20
percent capacity and tuna like fuck man
what happened yeah it's called sushi
it's called people his there's this
virus with boats literally goes hundreds
of miles out into sea with these giant
fucking fiber nets that it's created and
it sucks these things into the Nets and
pulls them out with giant cranes and
dumped them into a refrigerated hull and
then brings them back to shore to cut up
and sold like fuck man but at the same
time it's it's too much delicious
well not that but else if you zoom out
it's kind of beautiful to just the way
that life propagates is just beautifully
so I've been reading a lot on viruses
and the way they work is incredible like
it's uh I would say viruses now there's
obviously debate on one of the living or
not it's just definitional but they're
like the simplest example of the beauty
and power of the evolutionary process
it's because like we humans are kind of
complicated and tempers are killing - no
there's it's like there's a lot of
things going on in our bodies like
viruses are the simplest possible I
think they're living the thing it's the
simplest possible life form that just
shows that anything is possible like
every all the damage that's being caused
in all with the coronavirus now that was
like one there's like one guy that
mutated it jumped from a certain speed I
mean
we can trace the evolutionary path back
there was a recent CNN article that was
wondering how long it's been around they
were saying see if you can find this was
kovat 19 around in humans longer than is
currently believed they think it might
have existed for months if not years
before it broke loose and became a
pandemic oh did mutate because it I
don't know I didn't read the article so
what video not an article
oh it's not yeah you say CNN it was you
know fake news I think you heard me
bitch yeah where'd you learn that CNN
there's a news folks it's the news
leading scientist tell CNN that it's
what they listen CNN's trying to do
their best but they they have perception
that other people don't agree with just
like everybody else leading scientists
tell CNN that it's possible the virus
didn't just come from bath in the past
months but it may have existed in humans
many months even years before it grew
into a deadly temp pandemic CNN's NIC
palton Walsh reports by the way CNN is
not doing a good job I just I I think
the entire what are they doing about the
incentive like they're they're choking
out the investigative deep investigative
journalism it's is exactly you said the
clickbait like like look at the title
mm-hmm look at the I think they're
trying to stay alive well yeah but
that's that's a problem I think it is a
problem but I think in the defense of
particularly online journalism I think
they're trying to stay alive I don't
think it's good time for journalism now
but what I've from what I understand the
only thing that keeps New York Times
functional is the podcast the podcast
the podcast is huge and that that the
podcast earns a lot of money but that's
not that means they need to innovate
that needs to be they need to because
the podcast does it well we need the
fucking New York Times though the
problem is they need to figure out a way
to make money off of it but we need we
need the top of the food chain
journalism right and that's what the
Times is always represented we need them
so when someone is someone's done
something for The Times it's not so good
or flawed yeah okay but still not there
that one person that one article
whatever it is is not the time
the time stands for something right what
the New York Times is supposed to stand
for what it always did when I was a kid
and does now to a lot of people still
it's the cream of the crop it's the very
best journalism it's the very best it's
it's the the ones that have the deepest
insight the ones that nail it and we'd
like it free of bias but there it's run
by humans you know this is the problem
with CNN it's the problem with any new
source but we still need news sources
but it's run by humans they need high
salaries and there's a huge amount of
people involved in making that system
that is a CNN
so there's several mechanism with the of
innovation required first like this
podcast here podcast in general require
very few people to run again now that
there's an infrastructure to communicate
with a lot of people and then there's
the Wikipedia model yeah so like
Wikipedia is thousands of contributors
that create extremely strong factual
information
yeah and that's not like like this very
little money required to run Wikipedia
incredibly so so there are some
journalists out there that are online
though that are thriving because of the
problems with legacy media it's an
opportunity it represents for gods like
Tim Poole my friend Tim pointed to the
temples of fantastic journalists he's
he's really objective you might disagree
with him or you you might not find his
perspective to be in the line with yours
but that guy is he holds those
journalistic ethics at the highest level
I mean it's he the highest standard with
him it's everything and when you read
his take on or see him make it take on
things he is giving you the most honest
objective take on it possible and it's
really hard to get that from a network
first of all it's really hard to get
what he does for a network because
you're gonna get these giant chunks
where he'll he'll he can talk about
something for as long as it takes to
describe what the issue is
whereas CNN has a segment man that
segment is fucking seven minutes long
he'd better be done by seven minutes
we're going to commercial and then we're
coming back with Don Lemon and he's got
a sassy take on things and then Andrew
Cooper's got new glasses
look at that handsome bastard and then
they're all going to talk about shit and
you got to listen and it's Trump is bad
coronavirus deadly and holy shit Chris
Cuomo is got it let's go to Chris he's
in his basement
and they see Chris in his basement with
Sanjay Gupta and they're holding up
chest x-rays you know they they have
their segments man segments are bullshit
yeah it's dumb you have these these
standards that you've created a long
fucking time ago and this is the biggest
handicap that legacy media has other
than their inability to be free electric
guy like Tim Poole is there now he's an
independent they can't be free like he
is you have too many working pieces too
many producers too many people that are
telling you with Direction that say
there's people that bring you the
segment's you're a talking head there's
a lot shit going on there man
a lot of shit going on there wolf but
you have to innovate and yes yeah make
more I actually disagree about tempo I
mean I think it's impossible to be
perfectly objective of whatever just
he's just one voice he tries to be
perfectly absolute rise to be as
objective as he can be no I know you
need to aspire to it and not be polluted
by other influences but I can see people
like I think I'm objective but I have
very different views than tempo on some
things and not others well they're
subjective objectivity isn't there I
don't know what people can look at
things like you have an idea a
subjective idea of what something means
when you're looking at it objectively so
you're looking at a thing objectively
you're being honest about what what it
says but you also have preconceived
notions of what each individual aspect
of that certain thing means and what's
good and what's bad that's where the
subjective aspect of objectivity comes
in when you look at certain things that
happen there's certain ways you can look
at something and not have a bias but
look at something and you have a
preconceived idea of what aspects of it
should or should not be tolerated and
maybe sometimes it takes someone else to
come along and say okay well why do you
hold these beliefs so yeah you're
absolutely right but the problem is that
based on your skill set and your
momentum and history you might look at a
very particular aspect objectively ya
not see the bigger picture for sure like
Tim Poole has revealed and has focused
on certain aspects of problems in the
system mm-hmm and he continues to focus
on them maybe not seeing the bigger
picture
that's impossible for any one person to
see the bigger picture I think like I
tend to I tend to see in a lot of things
the beauty of things and it focus on the
positive now you talk about that even
with viruses any viruses does you can
but that is that not objective a like if
I beauty is not an objective word but I
just mean well this kind of is what
we're just saying there's a subjective
aspect to your objective view of a virus
right but it's choosing on which parts I
focus in on and also the other thing is
choosing the ways you talk about it so
the ways you reveal that objectivity
Brian can be positive you could be
negative you could be very cold and
fact-based you can be very flamboyant
and very kind of excited and you use a
lot of visuals all those kinds of things
and all of that changes the way the
message is carried yeah that's why we
should have thousands of Tim polls as
opposed to sort of well I think they're
gonna spring up out of the void that's
been created by this distrust and legacy
media especially now dude I don't know
if you've been paying attention but like
YouTube there's so many people like my
brother is now like put the camera on
themselves right and say their opinions
yeah you know say like he's doing like a
bunch of reviews of scientific papers
right there they're all like they
started a show mm-hmm there's so many
just there's thousands of shows
springing up dude there's 900,000
podcasts that's great well it's over a
million now I think it's hit a million
million last week I'm sure people start
podcast right now it's a crazy number
well especially now right while they're
on lockdown people are doing like the
lockdown Chronicles I think it's it's a
symbol of where we're going right it's
you're you're becoming look when I
do this thing I'm doing this thing four
or five days a week and I'm becoming
more connected with people in some weird
way that no one ever thought it was ever
gonna happen before where there's people
that are listening my voice right now in
their ear while they're running right a
lot not a small amount if you could see
the actual number of people right now
with earbuds in running listening to
this podcast you'd be like whoa that's
kind of crazy stay hard you're running
stay hard motherfucker but run faster
right now this kind of connection is is
a it's a dip into the next dimension
that's what this is and it seemed like
it wasn't it seems like it's just a
radio show you were doing on the
internet but then somewhere along the
line became this weird thing that's what
it is now
podcasts are a weird thing especially
one that breeches them the numbers of
people that this one reaches and for
that to be in my hands is a weird
position and I'm um you know while it's
happening I'm like oh look how fucking
strange this is huh I didn't anticipate
this
I always anticipated this being some
weirdo fringe thing that very few people
would connect with which is why I never
tried to censor it at all
I tried to do a vast majority of it
completely high out of my mind and and
hang out with fun fun people and just
talk shit and have a good time and not
have a different perspective some people
have a public voice and a private voice
I try to have the same voice just be me
just just do that as I tell people and
they say was Joe like behind the scenes
that'd be awesome for your totally
different but I just tell them is the
same same guys just as awesome er
wouldn't it be a bummer if someone was
like a super dick behind the scenes
yeah and I've yeah that'd be a bummer or
like it what you don't have to be a
super dick but just a totally different
person like what put it on the next yeah
you put on that miniskirt hug those
curves baby but the point is I what I
think this is is a step into the way
humans are going and this is just one
step that we didn't think was a step
it's a podcast I thought it was just
like a radio show that you do on the
internet but it's it's not for some
reason it's more involved and more and
tangled and more intense and then and
then also it has an impact right I can
get guys like osterholm on to talk about
stuff we can get an understanding of
these things okay he was wrong about
masks but he didn't know at that time
yeah there was not that long ago isn't
it interesting that they didn't know
about masks and their example sure he
wasn't correct about a few things but
doesn't I'm not gonna point him out it
doesn't matter because he was stating
the best available knowledge at the time
but he was also incorrect about CWD with
chronic wasting disease not being in elk
and some other ungulates he's wrong
about that my friend Doug Doren
corrected that to me sent a text to me
about it that he listened to a few of
the aspects of that podcast he was like
he's incorrect about several things he
was correct in the dangers of CWD which
is chronic wasting disease which is a
disease that they are absolutely
terrified gonna make the jump from
animals to people it's very similar to
like a mad cow disease but it has its
own prions and that he also sent me a
text explaining that prions are not
actually alive they're not a living
thing that it's like a protein or a type
of proteins that what it is prions not
sure whatever the fuck it is you can't
kill it it's it's almost impossible to
kill they can sterilize it for three
cycles of like medical stellar
sterilization techniques and for three
cycles of like insane temperatures and
there's still trace elements of prions
on the medical equipment so it's a crazy
thing that gets into people we have a
real huge problem so this is a real
dress rehearsal have you seen all these
people that are recovering from this
there's nobody recovering from chronic
wasting disease no one every deer that
gets it dies they all die and they die
in a horrible way their body rots away
and they're walking around like a
skeleton and they're vomiting all this
goo and slime that comes out of them
that's infected with CWD and then these
animals come along and eat those leaves
that they were eating and that they
threw up on and then they get it too
it's crazy and you this stuff even can
get apparently into the DNA of some
plants the one of the really interesting
things that's amazing on a positive note
is that it seems like we haven't seen a
virus that's both or any kind of thing
that jumps to humans that's both deadly
and spreads easily so like there's
viruses that ricky bola like Ebola like
this that kills like crazy but doesn't
spread too easily
and there's viruses that spread easily
but don't kill the there's no in terms
of virology in terms of biology there's
no good reason why that should be the
fact but isn't that just how the world
works in general and systems and look at
humans we have a spectacular ability to
control our environment we have the
ability to use materials from the
outside world and construct them into
weapons that lets you kill at distance
but we're made out of jelly donuts we're
like this soft bag of shit like even a
really hard person a knife goes right
through them you know we're really mushy
whereas like a water buffalos dumbest
fuck what god damn are they tough you
know there's a balance to this there is
but that's the kind of romantic notion
that I don't know if it applies
I think the biology and the physics of
it doesn't make sense it doesn't but
when would it change when would it
become something that does tip that
scale and become something more
catastrophic well if you were looking at
it objectively outside the system you
would say well when one part of the
system becomes overbearingly powerful
that's us
that's humans we're worth we're that
virus well we are on everything we are
rats on a sinking ship we're on every
little patch of land you find spots in
an article you find people taking shits
digging holes in the ground to bury it
and hopefully soon on Mars and the rest
of the if you do that yeah there's the
numbers that we have right now are
fucking credible we've propagated the
whole globe
well ants are still fire mass wise yeah
Farhad yeah but they don't do shit
viruses are really ahead of us like most
viruses are running the show we're just
like a little fun right but in terms of
the impact on the planet
I don't think you
make like ants might have the same
they've seen biomasses us right into a
total volume yet yeah so there's the
weight of ants is the same as the weight
of all the people that's how many answer
are which is pretty crazy we just have
to think about it but they don't have
the same impact in terms of what their
impact on other creatures and turn like
the tuna that were pulling out of see
their impact on the pollution by viruses
and the other hand viruses can they can
ruin us a whole species a whole even you
know certain like microorganisms they
can just kill everything yeah and well
plagues what is the the most devastating
historical plague Black Death and how
are you playing how many did that
million two hundred million mostly in
Europe numbers crazy
what Spanish flu is is 50 million two
hundred million makes you just stepping
no social media though so we don't I
mean its death that's forgotten well not
only that death it was probably left to
rot out in the streets and horrendous
and smells and people didn't understand
viruses and diseases back then smallpox
I would say like when I talk to
biologists they say smallpox is the
scariest of them all until we developed
a vaccine what's smart but you Native
Americans you would I mean they
decimated smallpox estimated probably I
don't know what the number is but more
than 50 million yeah the number supposed
to be stunning in some places as many as
90% were killed by European diseases
smallpox and the like ninety percent
that's I mean imagine something that
just comes to American wipes out ninety
percent of us and then you understand
what it must have been like for the
Native Americans we may encounter the
European diseases that the Europeans had
already developed antibodies for just
everyone around you is dying
imagine that 90 percent you know I mean
we're looking at something that's bright
what is the global death rate I mean
it's kind of throwing off because it
Italy because Italy has a very high
death rate and in terms of people that
get in fact
what we often confuse death rate so if
you look at the deaths divided by the
population that numbers I want to be
careful saying small ever but it's a
very small percent oh I understand what
I'm saying those overall the number of
people the percentage of people that
have died from this and then compare
that to the impact that smallpox had on
Native Americans you'd be like whoa yeah
the difference between ninety percent of
the population gets killed and the high
in Italy is what is what is the
percentage of death I think it's ten
percent of people who get it are dying
right no that's that it's definitely
lower than that and then I really I
thought it was 10 percent I mean it's
possible I don't I haven't been too
close to following but usually Italy is
an outlier and usually the way they get
that number is dividing by the number of
cases okay
Italy CRO nope now this listen look it's
right there man coronavirus cases
135,000 deaths
17,000 the problem is those cases or the
reported cases you don't know right and
right you're saying there's a lot of
people that just weren't tested and the
one test right but it's not kind like
the Nielsen's like you kind of look at
it you have to let's divide by and then
no no no because I don't know how
Bissell's works but this is not randomly
sampled so if they randomly sample the
population and then look at the deaths
per that would be more statistically
accurate this is just people who
reported so that but don't you think
that a bunch of people could have died
from the corona virus and they didn't
attribute to them yes that yes so it
could be higher than that could be
higher okay that's what I'm thinking too
but that's what they're saying in
America as well by the way yeah you're
saying there's a bunch of people to die
and they don't know what to do and they
don't have the tests so they don't
currently given the tests it's much more
likely that the the number is lower
meaning that it's just we're not testing
we're not testing the only enough so if
we randomly so Iceland did this random
the test is lower I'm sorry for deaths
or for infections for death so for
infections as well all right oh yeah for
infections yeah oh sorry yeah for
infections but you need the infection
number to calculate the percentage of
the deaths right correctly so you have
to test I don't know what the percentage
is but it's a very large percentage of
population probably twenty thirty
percent of the population it's a sample
randomly not not people who are showing
symptoms not people who are like no just
sample randomly you know again you get
that no Brack really there's something
about every apocalyptic movie is
something happens where you realize that
these people have accepted a new normal
you know yeah whether it's Mad Max or a
quiet place you ever see that scary
movie that's what is that what it's
called Jamie quiet place is a movie
about aliens to come here and you got to
be real quiet around them to fuck you up
what do you think is the new normal here
well how about social distancing I've
been watching a lot of movies because we
have movie night at home every night and
you know watching movies where people
are hugging and shaking hands it is
weird it's weird like that
that's the new normal like if that was
in a movie or a dystopian version of the
future on a Hulu show like the handmade
tales that Handmaid's Tale Henry's tale
I had to quit that one I was - I'm not
gonna get anything good this is gonna
bum me out too much touching no no it's
just - the dystopian version of the
future is too depressing it was too
awful
my great great show but I think we'll
come back to hugging and I don't know I
don't know but I'm saying if there was a
movie or a television show where people
behaved with social distancing and
everyone was afraid of everyone's
viruses like the reality that we're
experiencing right now if there's a
television show like that you book what
kind of weird fucking show is this you
think it's so strange that there's a
virus that makes New York City quiet
like drive down New York City you see a
car there's the second car yeah there's
a third car is there my friend John
Joseph sent me some videos of him ride
this bike around New York and he's like
look how fucking crazy this is there's
no one out here there's no one out here
and
you know turn his phone and showing all
these empty streets it's weird it's
weird see real weird yeah like like
airports all that she flew here by
yourself on a plane by myself there was
no one else on the plane with you in the
plane but they still fly and nobody
behave like that's nobody treated me
special Wow
now as well the world surreal is that
the airport's empty but they're fully
staffed because you still want to give I
think I think part of the stimulus
package is giving money to the airline
so you want to make sure people stay
employed yeah make sure that planes are
still running that's so crazy they're
flying with one guy you got a private
flight private flight across the country
to lay back and take up all seats and
switch seats in the middle of flight
like no I just try not to get freaked
out I watched what is the tiger King no
yes yeah do you get any booze
are they serving booze on the plane no
no no liquids nothing they don't serve
anything no I don't you right yeah I
don't think they've interacted me at all
no interaction with you you the one guy
in the plane they don't even ask how you
doing you all right
no they were all wearing masks I was
wearing a mask well it was but they're
friendly I would say the least friendly
and that was weird going to the airport
is there's nobody everybody is working
and it's just me and my stupid mask it
was it was definitely it was surreal
the but it seemed okay
the thing that I don't like is how
people behave a grocery store that's
what the thing you've said actually is
they like they they don't want to get
close to you straight it's so strange
there almost like afraid of this and I
that really worries me because I had it
has a potential just separating us
damaging the sense of community there's
long term ramifications if we keep this
not hugging each other shit up and what
they'll all be aware of that fact like
this is a this has to be temporary well
once they come up with the remedy a cure
if you just know they all you have to do
is go to the doctor and the doctor is
going to give you a thing and you're
gonna be fine a few like staff
affections have you gotten staff from
GGC yet no well it can fucking kill you
you have to take care of it staff can
kill you and there's a lot of people
that don't even know what it is and you
get infected and then it gets systemic
gets in your blood and you know there's
a lot of people that just don't know any
better and they're not good at going to
the doctor and they develop some sort of
an infection and by the time they go
somewhere and take care of it it's
really bad and they're in trouble like
they could die yeah but thank God they
have fucking medicine for that at least
they can give you a fighting chance
so people aren't afraid of jiu-jitsu you
still do just even though people get
staph you know I know a bunch of people
that have gotten staff from training a
lot they could all be dead if it wasn't
for remedies right if it wasn't for
antibiotics if it wasn't for you know
taking the proper care and in treating
it apparently some people have treated
staph organically and Rhonda Patrick was
actually talking about I think she had
MRSA at one point and as part of the
treatment along with antibiotic she
introduced garlic into into the actual
wound itself and apparently that had a
pretty profound effect man I'd love to
see the studies I wish I remember what
she said about that she usually comes
with studies oh she's got a fuckload she
says studies about everything she's one
smartest people have ever talked if you
haven't followed what she's saying now
on the virus I'd be curious if she's
talking about different nutrients that
support your immune system particularly
vitamin D she takes a lot of vitamin D
but she's just talked about all the
various forms whether it's through sauna
or cold cold plunges she's one to turn
me on to that all that stuff heat shock
proteins called shock proteins and the
impact of it and there's some videos
that you could find online of her
talking about it she's also written some
articles about it and she's this is just
a huge fan of that hormetic response and
how important that is to your system
keeps your system healthy dude I've been
doing it seven days a week which I
wasn't doing before sauna yeah seven
days a week I do it now and you just do
saw you jump in gives you the cold like
no I haven't been doing
cold I want to get a cold plunge thing
here I think I'm gonna get something and
replace one of my not in this room and
bathroom out there what you mean like a
like a tub full of ice water
yeah like that big steel tubs and you
throw bags of ice in there and I'm gonna
get an ice machine and just turn that
room into a freezer dick off room yeah
that's that's awesome it's really hot
for you right it's good for you yeah
well I think that those making your body
deal with those responses makes it
stronger I'll tell you what man I've
been working out a lot because of this
lockdown
I've been doing a lot of Muay Thai too a
lot of hitting punching and kicking shit
and that always makes me really sore
makes my joints or and that fucking
sauna every day it's kind of knocked all
that out I feel great
you know and I've been throwing a lot of
power kicks and punches and all this
shit and everything feels good
everything feels real good I just think
there's a the giant benefit to doing
that at a regular basis well you can buy
one and put in your backyard if you have
that kind of scratch I say do it I'm
telling you what's the temperature of
water
well saunas is dry dry sauna yeah bro
those are probably good for you too but
I'm and I thought it was like a wet one
it was a steam room
yeah the problem with that is you can't
get as hot because you would cook you
know okay like if you have 190 degree
air you're okay if you get in 190 degree
water you're gonna die out with a steam
room you're essentially I mean you're in
a liquid exactly you're gonna die you're
gonna get cooked so you heat going dry
up in the heat dry heat you can tolerate
I mean I throw a little water on it
there's actually a little scale in the
sauna it's like the top of it is the
degrees and the bottom of it is the
humidity and you're supposed to
calculate those and find out exact you
know how hot it feels but either way you
throw a little bit of water I throw
three scoops three little
spoonfuls of water on that bitch shit
they're gonna sit there and fucking
suffer and when you get out of there
everything just feels looser and more
relaxed as soon as your body comes back
to a normal temperature you just feel so
much better it's so valuable man what
exercise right now I'd highly recommend
what are you doing because you know you
can't go to jujitsu and you were doing a
lot of that so what are you doing for
your exercise I'm a bodyweight I do have
a cowbell but like it I kind of avoid it
is it it's like hell it's so intense
from here how much is away the 30 30 30
pounds yeah so it's hell I'm trying to
remember if it's kilograms or pounds
it's probably 35 pounds it's probably if
it's thirty kilograms that's heaviest
fuck yeah no it's not thirty nevermind
thirty kilograms what 65 pounds yeah so
what that is so it's something that
kills me if I do like swings basic stuff
for thirty minutes okay like probably 35
pounds yeah but I don't like cattle
Keith Weber have you ever done his
series he's been on the podcast before
is extreme kettlebell cardio workout
that uh we sell it on it and but I found
out about it we sell it because I found
out about it I found out about it I
believe through a just found on the
internet I got a DVD and it's brutal man
and I was like one little 35 pound
counter bellman it's bitch-ass a little
weight at the fuck's that gonna do dude
four minutes and I'm like how long is
this 40 minutes there's some fucking way
and is something the sorest that I had
been in a long time was just 135 pound
kettlebell doing this this extreme
kettlebell cardio routine d put together
it's got two of them two now I think I
think he might have three he definitely
has two of them there is fuck mostly
swing bait like you're mostly noburo
you're doing everything bitch okay
you're doing you're doing windmills
you're doing hot potatoes you're doing
renegade rows you know you're doing
everything man you're doing you're doing
cleans overhead presses and squats and
and it's just a non-stop sir it gives
you these little breaks they like last
like 10 or 15 seconds and then boom
you're moving to the next exercise
holy shit and you realize how much work
you can get in with just a kettlebell
just a little bit yeah yeah
I got no room for a gym if you can
afford a kettlebell please just buy okay
on it they're probably out of stock
we're out of stock people's real quick
because there's no gyms are all closed
so y'all know what to do so you know who
else makes great shit rogue maybe rogue
has them they make awesome kettlebells
they make awesome everything here is
this Keith whatever my man so this
fucking workout goes on for and he's
shredded
look at my boy Keith look at them
showing you how to get your fuck muscles
going but he's this is him explaining
the correct way to do kettlebell swings
but I I don't I mean you can get a lot
of his workouts online there's a lot of
workouts online for people if you've got
a youtube account just or a computer
that gets online go to youtube and find
these kettlebell workouts that people
put online for free because they they'll
put a great workout up there for free
just so that you subscribe to their page
you know they'll give you some value and
what you're giving them is a large
audience there's some fucking great
workouts bodyweight workouts as well
that are free free videos online follow
along and you could do everything from
your living room and you can get blasted
I mean you can have a crazy workout from
a lot of videos there's so many of them
I do I do more chill kind of working
outside run for longer distances
hmm so I what I recommend if you're not
as intense is a rut I got around about
60 miles every day and push-ups and
bodyweight squats a lot of bodyweight
squat by the way squat surprised are
always surprising to me how little how
much they can kill you like everyone who
thinks they're badass even can squat a
lot right even if you can squat like I
don't know 400 500 600 pounds try try to
do 50 bodyweight squats like something
have
what's the most you've ever done in a
row I don't I know I usually start
suffering at twenty and maybe I've done
40 before I don't know mmm
but I have oh yeah why you can get up
you can get up to really high numbers
and it's a glorious form of torture and
it's crazy how much it develops your
legs particularly the quads like right
above the knee you know these these
little muscles that are on the side like
that hurts from Hindu squats more than
fucking anything I've done ever it
targets those so uniquely because when
you're at the bottom when your heel is
up and you're on the ball of your foot
and you rise up it's like all that
muscle for the the whole beginning of
the rise it's all that that part of the
quad right by the knee it's a really
unique way to target that muscle and
guys who do it a lot like a lot of those
dudes are really into catch wrestling
they would you like 500 a day every day
they all have these like preposterous
legs and that was like a big part of the
development of their strength was just
doing ridiculous numbers of Hindu squats
and you could also do it like I usually
i used to do him a lot like especially
when i competed in the ggs and wrestling
i would do a lot of them and i'd also
like jump for like you you explode into
the school ass as opposed to sort of
slow but that you know do you ever hear
Karl Gotch yeah the couch resting I am
yeah Karl Gotch was famous for his body
weight conditioning programs he was a
just a stickler for having his wrestlers
be an insane physical condition it was a
prerequisite for training with him like
it's awesome
ya know he had a preposterous workout I
think he was really into clubs too was
it like I think he was really into those
club bells and a bunch of other those
other kinds of workouts too but I
actually competed in a couple of cat
wrestling tournaments did you realize
cool one of the rules keep being a
pinned right yeah you can it was felt so
weird because because I won a couple
matches by pin and it felt like this is
so stupid
this is so stupid like I didn't even
submit the guy
it felt oh and I did a lot of
interesting things so I would I pulled
butterfly guard a few times so meaning
you can get pinned but you don't get
points for an almost pin okay so you can
play guard as long as you don't get your
bet you don't have to elevate you have
to elevate off regularly so you I don't
think you can get pinned if you didn't
get past the legs okay no so as long as
you're in the butterfly guard even if
you're flat on your back you have him
and your butterfly guard he's not
pinning you now of course it was
confusing the rest and stuff but oh it
was just that it was cool because the
the guys that did it it felt more like
like like yo see back in like tank a bad
days and it was more ghetto it was uh
people were in wrestling shoes and they
if you can't see him they just got off
of there like wrestling shoes yeah so
you he'll hook them yeah I think so I'm
trying I think yeah everything's legal
and is a weird choice to wear wrestling
shoes someone can he'll hook you unless
you're a heel hook Dean Lister Master
one of those Gary tonin type dudes it
knows how to do it from every angle like
for them actually I would say like oh if
pride was still around pride let you
wear wrestling shoes there is a
significant advantage from being able to
wear wrestling shoes significant not
just for your wrestling but also for
your striking and cro cop war wrestling
shoes for a little bit cro cop head kick
somewhat wrestling shoes on I remember I
don't remember who it was might have
been Mark Hunt and I remember thinking
fuck man he could kick people with shoes
on that almost seems nuts because the
the amount of traction that you can get
from a rubber sole with texture on the
bottom of it versus just your foot
you're slippery ass bullshit foot that's
slipping around on the canvas with you
with your wrestling shoes on you get
traction when it's wet you get traction
everywhere you know like even if there's
a puddle on the floor you get traction
with a wrestling chute where you
wouldn't get it with a bare foot but
sometimes it's kind of weird that or
bare feet it's kind of weird but it's
not I think you should be bear eye well
I should be naked I used to think yes
she'd have a hard-on or they can't fight
I used to think I used to think that you
should have to have no gloves but then
I've been watching this bare-knuckle
boxing in people's faces get fucked up
so bad you see Chris Leben you fought a
Dakota Cochrane and his face looked like
someone hit him with a machete it was
crazy the most enormous carving were
seen on a man's face in a fight so now
I'm starting to rethink that like maybe
those knuckle services yeah something
about blood no it's not that it's about
damage to your tissue not worry about
the blood I'm worried about scarring
people up for life
what about Johanna her injury she crazy
right now it was crazy you want ideally
I didn't check in they she okay yeah
she's fine now
um her swelling has all gone down but
she had black eyes for a couple weeks
maybe she's all that fluid she had in
her forehead she's so tough man she's so
tough she's such a savage as a great
force he's so admirable like watching
the way she fought that fight both of
them are but it was such a
back-and-forth brawl of a fighter so
perfectly matched
there was a draw or I mean you can make
the argument you wanna won you could
make the argument Whaley won
you can make the argument it was a draw
you can make any of those arguments
because that's how close the fight was
it's all I got
what you think about this well there's a
lot of people that thought you want to
want it but the most important thing is
you wanna fought like a champion I mean
they both fought like a champ like
champions Whaley fought like a champion
there's about as good of a fight as
you're ever gonna get so evenly matched
so perfect so much heart and
conditioning and skill they had
everything everything epic tacular fight
actually forgot the other fight and the
card that's how good that fight was the
main fight was style bender versus y'all
Romero's right it was forgetful it was
it was a fight that was forgettable it
seemed like huge huge beforehand by the
way who you got and in terms of do you
think Ferguson and could be will go down
who knows man not a fuckin
none of that something happens this
weekend just engage he's a monster just
engage he is a monster he's a monster
he's a terrifying individual he is I
mean in a sport that's violent it's an
inherently violent sport he stands out
as the most violent that's you know
crazy
I mean you watched his knockout of Edson
Barboza you you watch how that
motherfucker attacks people he there's a
reckless abandon to his his calculated
wildness that is it's terrifying he's
something special and he's better all
the time the question is how much has he
been training he's taking a fight on
very short notice he's taking the
fighting essentially two weeks notice
also it might be kind of weird to train
now in these coronavirus times short
training partners i don't know hmm well
ray Longo who I respect very much said
that fighters shouldn't be fighting
because I've already said they shouldn't
be fighting but he said he definitely
felt like it wasn't fair of the fighters
because they they don't have a full camp
they're not gonna be able to show who
they really are a good point it's a
really good point man it's a really good
point this is a you know a wild
situation where there's a guy who's
gonna fight for the interim title he
gets the call let me look that's also
how Nate Diaz beat Conor McGregor in
their first fight remember that that was
11 days out they call Nate Diaz he's
eating tacos fucking trigger tequila in
Mexico and probably doing triathlons but
you blow on the side and sure well he's
never out of shape really like out a
normal person out of shape like you or I
would get but for just engage it really
depends entirely on how much time he's
been spending in the gym now he's a man
with a plan right he's trying to be the
UFC lightweight champion so he's
probably not getting too out of shape
and he probably knew that in this case
there is a potential that one of those
guys could drop out because they've
already made that fight four fucking
times and it fell apart so this is the
fifth time it's falling apart which is
nuts it's crazy so it might be the just
engag
knew that this was a possibility that he
could be called in as a replacement he
might be in full camp mode we really
don't know we'd have to talk to him
Conor McGregor knew all along knew he
knew I called it he's uh he was another
one that I'm sure was probably getting
ready but I'd love to see him fight in
2020 but Conor McGregor vs. Tony Fergus
it would be yeah oh why didn't that
happen you have to be on standby for
last-minute villains I think there are
some people that they asked to be on
standby they have definitely done that
before and they've asked guys to make
wait and there's a lot of guys that have
been through a full camp and they're
paid for a full camp and they're paid to
make wait this is something that's
happened several times in the UFC's
history where guys show up because
they're there to to fight and step in if
something falls apart especially if you
have a guy who maybe struggles with
weight cutting and you might fall apart
and get pulled from a fight or someone
who's maybe injured or sick and they're
like a little nervous with this fight
we're getting super fights every week
into the dragon Island you're gonna
commentate right yeah on to the Dragon
Island I don't know I don't know how
we're gonna do it I don't know how it's
gonna be done he's where the track suit
please just like Bruce Lee yeah I didn't
I didn't want to real quick ask you I
did did you consider interviewing Trump
on this well he's never asked to do it
and I've never asked him would you do it
oh no because uh well I said what makes
you why do you ask
I'm trying to stay out of politics bro
it's to sketch do you think it's
politics interviewing never really Trump
no so our politics at all what no
meaning well it's a political thing I
mean just even having him on is oh it's
a statement well okay it's you know it's
he's the he's a politician he's a
professional president I mean that's it
is no but but the the the nature of
long-form conversation is such that
you're not doing talking points why do
you ask
ok so I I'd love to see him on the show
first of all and actually was in the
works of interviewing him la a year a
year ago for what for the AI podcasts
that I do really but it was more of a
supposed to be about the AI initiative
mm-hmm that that would be a short I mean
I imagine would be a short thing about
saying how were you gonna be in person
in person yeah that would be an
interesting conversation but very
different like I was like this kind of
conversation I just wanted to talk not
wanted but I think what they wanted is
to talk with the NSF and certain heads
of the administrations and just saying
this is a really it's important for us
as a country to stay ahead on the
innovation in terms of artificial
intelligence so that that kind of
conversation it's a little bit it's a
little bit less about getting into the
human story of a human being which I
think trauma is one of the most
interesting people has been in office
but yeah as if you're studying humans
humans definitely one of the most
interesting the reason I bring that up
is as I was thinking I had this kind of
question of if there if there's a person
I'd talked because that because I
thought Trump would be incredible for
there's a bunch of people in this world
which are incredible for this podcast
like only you can have that conversation
so I started asking myself like what is
the conversation I could have that only
I can do not only but like I'm
especially well equipped for yeah I
would say it's well equipped better
there I don't think there's anybody that
only I can talk to right that it's an MS
spoke but I know I said I know what
you're saying though and for that
that's why and now if I think it I think
there's agreement now as I will
interview Vladimir Putin holy shit I
think he has not been interviewed well I
have all the connections any speak
Russian
yeah so it would be a mix of Russian
English yeah well that would be the big
thing though was to talk to him in
Russian and then relay it in a way that
makes us understand it
that's a actually interesting question I
would probably talk in English with a
translator why would you do that because
the ultimate result has to be in English
and that not has to be but
we have to translate on the fly because
the how do I put it
translators won't do a good job of
translating so I'll understand
everything he's saying in Russian and
he'll actually understand everything I'm
saying in English he speaks pretty good
English okay but he's not allowed I mean
not not a lot so you think that would be
better than subtitles yes I think it's
more human it's more real it's like you
would joy Diaz and you well you all yeah
you didn't do subtitles no that was that
speaks pretty good
Joey's perfect and he's perfectly
bilingual so that was a great situation
you know and also Joey's from Cuba so
burped together that was amazing so the
the translator that Putin has is
actually really good translator they're
not some generic folks I'm sure there
are friends like there not enough
friends but they know each other they
know each other well so that's it's
almost it's a very similar situation
except that person is not a Joey Diaz at
all right but it's that creates that
kind of atmosphere where you can when
there's some uncertainty about the
statements that you're making you could
you can play with that but it's an
interesting thing do you think he would
do that mmm the interview yeah yeah well
there's two parts I know I have all the
right connections for it mm-hmm I think
he would do it because he he will
understand who I am and the second part
is I have a little bit of a Conor
McGregor situation going on where
anything everything I've done in my life
that I decided I'm gonna do always
happens everything yeah everything hmm I
think you got some mystic shit going on
I don't know mr. Kleck they should call
you mixed it mystic looks like mystic
Matt no that's wrong is that yeah that's
his thing let's take Matt dude we're
three hours and 20 minutes in believe it
or not it's a good place to end up
putting okay I do this silly song yeah
we'll end on silly song no pressure it's
been an amazing podcast so far this song
doesn't if it doesn't hold up we're just
gonna cut the power
I just cut and I'm Bryan Callen
yeah well blame it on Callen good call
the so I did this video where I'm I
played the Joe Rogan experience theme
okay so what what what many people think
can hear the guitar by the way right
what many people think is Brian Redman
cut out the red band was the one who
came up with that from like GarageBand
but it turns out there's actually Awards
to this song
oh that Brian Cowen wrote Bryan Callen
he's singing in a few episodes okay I
know this stupid song yeah yeah we'll
end with this Lex Friedman thank you for
being here I appreciate the fuck out of
you tell everybody your Instagram
Friedman spelled weird like Friedman
yeah Fri DMA N Lex Friedman Instagram to
use the Twitter as well the Twitter's ya
twit the same thing on Twitter same
thing on Twitter listen to the
artificial intelligence podcast yeah and
it's been fun buddy if anyone wants to
do any weddings or bar mitzvahs for
musician he'll sing his ass off I'll
come get some
okay thanks for being here man I
appreciate whether let's go
[Music]
this is the stupidest thing I've ever
done so this is a story okay in a desert
I met a man with an eagle perching on
his hand and he asked me son what can I
do for you
definitely the stupidest father I said
and I'm looking for the meaning I should
be living for he put a finger to my lips
but the old man speak they call me Brian
Callaghan
his cruel world there is a man he should
listen to as he journey on to life his
name is Joe Rogan Joe Rogan show this
four days and a real ey bag Joe Rogan
Joe Rogan barrel of snakes for back that
he mounted his horse and he looked to
the sky and he rode to the sunset with a
tear in his eye and a legend goes the
old man rides on singing the words to
this terrible song Joe Rogan
Joe Rogan show this for days and I
really went back I already regret this
Joe Rogan Joe Rogan barrel of snakes for
a bag you fucked up you should never
done that time it was terrible people
gonna never forgive you for that thank
you I regret nothing thank you brother
thank you brother bye everybody
stay safe
[Music]